Can the government be blamed for everything that is happening in India?
Will the GST affect a state government's revenue?
What should be the best speech for democracy?
Why are Christian values a part of the U.S. Government still today?
Which country was the first to have a democracy?
Can the government be blamed for everything that is happening in Odisha?
Is it possible that all the countries on earth would merge into one single world coalition government?
How much is India's trade policy really decided by central government and how much is the local government's policy?
Have the government's accounts of what happened in Roswell in 1947 been confirmed?
What's so different in the constitution of Pakistan which makes their army so powerful over the elected government as compared to the Indian constitution?
Is z+ security government approved?
If the judicial and legislative branches of the U.S. government are too stupid to figure out Trump's guilt by now, do we really need such incompetence?
How's the real relationship between the Tatmadaw and the NLD government?
What is the nature and importance of federalism?
What is global governance, concepts and challenges?
How can governments, especially the British keep telling us terrorism will not change our lives?
What are the main principles of the constitution?
Now that Republicans control the federal government, will they repeal any firearms laws?
What are the benefit of running an open Government?
What is a data governance program?
Can the state government change SGST Act as per their state requirements?
What is the most powerful fictional government of any medium?
Is it better for freedom and human rights in general to switch governments more frequently?
What are the norms of conduct of public officials?
What are some dissertation topics on corporate governance?
What are the type and workings of the Pakistani government?
How long does it take to receive survivors’ benefits from the US government?
Why does the government not give any quotas for BSF ex-servicemen?
Is it true that the Malaysian government UMNO party supports unity, but will take violence to keep your mouth shut?
What steps has the government taken towards NPA?
Why were governments formed?
In what circumstances would the federal government hire a felon?
How is a government made?
What chance does the Green Party have of forming the next government of New Zealand?
What happens to government officials or agents abroad if a country collapses?
Should political party formation end in a democracy so that everyone can get a fair chance to fight in elections?
Why do governors appoint an acting governor when they leave the state? Can't the governor do the job from out of state?
Does the government provide funds to young startups in the educational field?
What steps have the government taken to improve the condition of construction workers?
What is the definition of the ideal form of government in Hindi?
What does the local government do for schools?
How can a free democracy protect itself from the deep state?
What is the in-hand salary of a government TGT teacher? How will it increase?
What are the recent evidences of existence of a one world government/Illuminati/shadow government?
What could Malaysia government do to increase the public safety?
Is India's relatively stable democracy one of the greatest political miracles of all time?
What is bad about democracy?
Is the government help to buy scheme allowing builders to justify increased house prices?
What is the implication of low budget absorption rates by governments?
Why does our government give extra money to MLAs and MPs for their mobile bills, when they can get unlimited calls and internet access for only Rs 400?
What are some measures being taken by African governments to combat Wildlife poaching?
Why does Indian government put restrictions on import of gold?
Is there any evidence that a Head of Government, negotiating with a foreign power, is strengthened when they have a large majority in the legislature?
How many promises were fulfilled by the BJP government?
Why do liberals and democrats believe in big government?
How was the Fadnavis government?
How will you solve the Chinese environmental crisis by government prospective?
Which steps could be taken by the government in order to reduce the consumption of a product that is harmful to our health?
What are some examples of totalitarian forms of government?
How good is Bocconi's program in international politics and government?
Is there really someone who controls the world's governments?
What are the government subsidies on dairy projects in India?
What is a unitary political system?
What are some examples of a unitary state?
Which section of the constitutional directs the government to make that policies help to reduce poverty of masses?
How are autocracy and democracy alike?
What are some examples of American government corruption that has damaged the world?
Should the Modi government ask the CM of Chhattisgarh to shift the capital to Bijapur from Raipur in order to tackle the Naxal problem?
How would a Labour government in 2017 react to terrorist activity? How also would they improve community cohesion?
How can the mindset of Indian citizens including government administrators be changed regarding all types of pollution and cleanliness?
Is it possible to live in India without bribing cops and staff in any government offices to get your job done?
What is the major difference between republic and democracy?
Why is the British government "xenophobic”?
What are some examples of wasteful government expenditures?
How do governments transfer capital cities?
Are people correct to criticize Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau for taking selfies instead of governing and making thing happen for Canadians?
What would be the difference in UK Government spending if there was no public debt of any kind?
Our country, India, is both democratic and a republic. What is the difference between democratic and a republic?
Why is democracy much more preferred as compared to other forms of government?
What are the instruments of direct democracy?
What would happen if the electric power industry of a country is privately owned by one businessman as an absolute monopoly ?
What's your take on government hoarding of vulnerabilities? Are you for or against it? Why?
What do you call a failure of government to efficiently allocate resources?
Does Modi's Make in India plan suffer due to the corruption of the state governments?
Why do "Government Employees" scuttle the procedures while getting the things done in stipulated period?
Is an order issued by a ministry considered as the central government's order?
How was the government formed?
In companies and governments, why do we have one person at the top rather than a group?
What are main differences between UPA government and NDA government in developments?
Who decides the menu when the heads of states of other country meets the prime minister or president of India?
Should the government stop providing universal basic retirement pension?
How can I fight against the administration?
What are the operational differences between a crown corporation and a government corporation/ministry?
Is Israel a model democracy?
Some people think governments should control the number of foreign-made TV programs being shown. Do you agree? Why?
What is the government doing to ensure economic equality?
How will the government make sure a composition firm in GST regime is actually liable for composition scheme and not regular tax scheme?
How can a government strategically change the mentality of its people in the hopes of sustainable development without being socialist?
Is the craze of UPSC going down after the Modi government removed the VIP culture and the beacon lights?
Since macroeconomic models cannot predict the future, are they then just rationalizations of government and business decisions?
How is seniority of a state/central government employee decided and is there any special provision for the Police Department?
What are the neglected national monuments by government of India?
Why does Austria have a federal system of government despite being small?
Is Bharat Sevak Samaajh (BSS) a government organization? Does having a job at BSS mean you are a government employee?
What is the government securities market?
Is the government actually taking action on exposes made by Arnab?
Will GST have an effect on upcoming job vacancies in the government and private sectors?
How has government intervention improved the quality and price of healthcare in the US since the 1950's?
How can we achieve democracy in the Indian family system? Why is democracy not considered a way of thought process but merely a way of governance?
Why do people talk of democracy as if it's infallible, and the solution to every political issue in the world?
How can I contact the head of the Indian government?
What are some benefits of 'government and society' to help bring up a child?
What can be the impact of a really good speech delivered by a federal government official?
What are the upcoming areas supported by the government to promote export?
If India is a comparatively poor country why doesn't the government print more notes and make our country rich?
When is the Karnataka government going to pass a bill granting 100% reservation for locals in the private sector?
Would children be dissuaded from buying hash and other narcotics if the government said it can be legally purchased in large quantities?
Do government and state officials speak what is known as legalese?
What is a blue ribbon commission?
Can the state government (or) individual ministries provide tax benefits for receiving CSR donations?
How do I get a government job easily after 12th science?
What should I do as I am a retired government officer?
How is appointment by president different from appointment by central government?
Who should pay for the services such as libraries that are available to the people in a community? Should it be the government or the locals?
What does government and politics mean to you?
What is democracy? What are its characteristics?
Will the populous today rather be under a good dictator than under a corrupted government?
Should the position of police have term limits and be rotated among the citizenry?
How does [can] the Russian government influence foreign elections?
Can I claim as tax credit, tax collected at source paid to government?
Why are Democrats so obsessed with minorities?
Do you think that government should provide cyber security knowledge to general public?
Why do we need a legislative council?
Is it necessary for an Anglo-Indian to be a resident of a concerned state to be nominated as a member of their legislative council?
How do governments compete?
Can a government employee do trading in India?
What are the concurrent functions of a local government?
Do people have the government they deserve?
What has the Modi government done for the farmers to ease the demonitization issue for them?
Why are the Quebec & Canadian governments investing in academic A.I. research only, when most of the innovation came from the private sector?
How was democracy restored in Chile?
Do forms of government matter without economic opportunities?
What kind of government will be effective if artificial intelligence came into function?
Why is the government not implementing rainwater harvesting projects on a national scale, in order to deal with water shortages?
What are some measures taken by the government to improve the transportation system in India?
What is the unitary system of government characterized for?
What is a government contracting officer representative?
Is democracy actually a solution for a country to flourish?
What is the "worst" government policy you have ever followed/gone through? What, according to you, could be its replacement?
How common is it to sit on an article you've produced because of government security concerns/intervention?
Is the media making it virtually impossible for any President to govern, regardless of party?
Is there some real basis under the "Yes, Minister" series? How did the author predict government supervision? Where there real precedents?
Do you think the Indian parliamentary system​ needs to be scrapped?
Why do governments prefer to hire previous or current government employees?
What are the reasons for Babu’s ill treatment of clients in government offices?
What are the conditions for generating a government electrical license?
If you could swap places with the President/Prime Minister/etc. of any country during any time period, who would it be, why, and what would you do?
What is the unbiased review of 3 years of Modi Government?
What will happen if the Indian Government asks all American businesses to shut their operations in India, under certain geopolitical circumstances?
How can a government take a private property?
Is it true that the democracy has existed in Portugal since 1825, with some interruptions?
How does Josue Diaz see Modis Government?
Who said that elections are the heart of democracy?
Are the ideas that the federal government should provide only for defense and that we have the right to govern ourselves as we see fit contradictory?
If Republicans, which have all branches of government, don't ban abortions, should they be criticized when they bring the issue up in elections?
How did democracy come to be?
How rich is the Chinese government and is it held financially accountable?
What are the top 5 competencies that are necessary to be a CPA in the government?
Do you have any information about e-governance?
Why don't governments end the suffering of disabled, mentally ill and desperate people by assisting them to commit suicide?
Why is the Thai government so worried about the King being shown in a crop-top?
In what cases does the government take half of your income?
What is the 14/2 act of the central government?
What are the proper functions of governments?
Which has more control over Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland: the Westminster government or the devolved governments?
What is the government doing to promote entrepreneurship in Kenya?
Who do you think should pay for the services that are available to the people in a community? Should it be the government or individual people?
Has public participation in government been quantified?
Why doesn’t the Indian government ban coke even after it has been proven to have pesticides?
Is the Modi government up to the mark for the India as a whole?
Can a government employ take the study leave?
Why hasn’t the Indian government taking any strong steps against terrorism? Why are our brave Indian soldiers sacrificing their lives every day?
Who supports democracy as it is today and why?
Explain whether new nations depend on strong governments to succeed?
Why has the central government in India been given more power than state governments?
Why is democracy important today?
Why does the West try implementing democracy in other countries despite that solution being bad for the target?
Why does FARC rebel against the Colombian government?
Under which ideals can a constitutional republic be created?
What are the conditions for a country to have a democracy?
Why do we allow ourselves to be lied to by our government?
Do our non-verbals govern how we think and feel about ourselves?
What are the types of communism?
Is there any scope of an interior designer in government sector?
Whats Martial law?
Should the government remove reservations for class A and B government officers' wards?
Why are Indians addicted to government jobs?
What was the Vichy government in France in WW2? Why did it exist?
Should the government be able to control what you put into your own body?
Will the Indian Government privatize Oil India?
Under what authority could the Governor-General of India annex a state under the Doctrine of Lapse?
Instead of denying those who create hostage situations, why doesn't the government utilize intelligence, such as the FBI, to arrest the assailants?
Which government authorities are responsible for setting a plant?
How does an autocratic and a democratic government differ?
What does "interactive governance" mean?
Is WEBEL a government organization?
Do government entities arise from citizen demand for more government?
If I were to conspire with several people to topple the government and I was caught, what could I potentially be charged with?
Is it possible for a government to monitor and apply taxes for all activities related to Bitcoin?
How do I get a Central OBC Certificate for a Central Govt. Recruitment post online? What are the procedures needed for an offline post if the online option is unavailable?
How is a misleading and fraud company like MobiKwik being allowed to continue operations by the government of India?
How are ships governed by national laws and regulations?
Why can't the government selling liquor to citizens be challenged in court?
Has there ever been a religious totalitarian state?
Why can’t governments monitor the movement of people across several countries?
Who is getting the highest salary in the Government of India?
Why is it racist to require all voters to verify their identities with a government-issued identification card?
Is the government of India running any scheme for English?
What is the Indian government actually doing?
Why is India extremely badly governed and managed?
What are the achievements of the Narendra Modi government 3 years after they came to power in 2014?
If Iran's government were to become secular and democratic, how much would it improve its relations with Israel? How much would Israel benefit from that?
Why has our government become so partisan over the last 20 years?
How are levels of government organised in Indonesia? Who controls what?
How can I know if a person (say, Mr. A) currently works for the Federal government?
How can governments properly assess whether their Countering Violent Extremism (CVE) programs work?
What are some examples of unitary systems of government?
Do we need educated citizens for democracy?
Are the illicit liquor mafias behind the DMK’s and the PMK’s opposition to the state-controlled liquor shops in Tamil Nadu? A status report on the other states would be welcome.
What do Muslims want from the Indian government?
Do you think de-licensing is different from structural reforms in India?
What do you think of the government of Armenia?
Why hasn’t the Indian government stopped reservation?
How much money do goverments spend on plastic recycling?
What is the correlation between prosperity of the economy and form of government?
What is a new business that has government subsidies?
What indicators can be used to prove that a specific newspaper is pro-government or anti-government in India?
What metrics are used to determine if a government is allocating capital effectively?
What would Plato have thought of US democracy today?
Who is wealthier, the president of a company or a member serving under any branch of the state government?
Why can't the government of India create separate states of Jammu and Ladakh and remove 370 for these regions? Anyway, these regions are not Kashmir, are they?
Which is better, democracy or monarchy?
When will the American people stand up to the corrupt government?
Do we have any idea to what extent the Chinese government has penetrated US intelligence?
Why is the MP government banning lifting sand from rivers?
What are the factors which have compelled India to adapt a federal system of government?
Who has maximum power in an Indian democracy?
How do you rate the performance of the Modi government after 3 years?
Can ICJ rule out a country's Supreme Court?
Is it important for the government to have secrets?
If you needed a legal agreement between you and someone else, what do you need to do?
Which are the government jobs in medical?
What are the pathetic construction projects that were undertaken by a state government in India?
Do Iranians support an American invasion to overthrow their dictator government and establish a democratic republic?
How do the 3 different forms of government work?
What world view or system of government did the Enlightenment challenge or support?
How can I contact people in government and/or policymaking positions to interview them for my thesis in economics?
Are there active branches of the world's governments that seek to cover up the existence of the paranormal and supernatural?
What is global governance 2025?
What should you never look up on Google or else you will get in trouble with the government?
What brought an end to the Taiwanese dictatorship?
How does Olson’s logic of collective action explain why democracy can be reverted to authoritarian rule?
What do you mean by government finance?
How does the government track me online?
Can you critically analyse the Modi government's performance?
What are the best methods IAS officers should adopt and the government should implement to protect the officers from life threats?
Why is our government not selling off the loss-making carrier Air India and opting for privatisation instead?
Does US have an elected government and a superior hidden government?
What is the involvement of a government in an e-commerce startup?
I lose thousands of dollars a year in federal, state, and local taxes. Isn't that money better than anything the government could promise to give me?
What are all the ways a person's assets can be frozen? Examples include lawsuits, judgements from governmental agencies, etc.
Will Central Government employees submit their original certificates to the government?
Can government ask a PSU employee to leave its constitutionally provided reservation?
Why is the Kerala government forcibly imposing Malayalam on Kasaragod Kannadigas?
Why don't we have a central Earth government and share resources with other nations?
What has changed during the 3 years of the Modi government?
How is a new government made?
Why is the Government of India worried about gold imports? How is it affecting trade deficit? What kind of policy does the government need to implement?
Are there any faults at all under the Modi government?
Does anyone still feel that a congressional government is better than the current Modi Sarkar government? Why?
In which form does the Indian government store its revenue?
Why is the Chinese government so rich? Where is the money from?
Can you simplify the GST for me? Why did it take so long for the successive governments to get it implemented if it was such a game changer?
I'm going to make a general comparison of two countries. What aspects should I touch on (like economic state, government, and all that)?
Is today's government leading towards dictatorship?
What is the difference between saying Israel has too much control over the American government (taboo) and saying Russia does (more acceptable)?
Are non-partisan elections good for democracy?
How do l deal with those Government officers who sneak in my personal stuff which I hate?
What is the future of Brazil's estate? Is democracy in danger?
What has the Indian government done to improve in-flight services provided by Air India?
Would it help children's teeth if the government made sweets available for sale in bulk minimums of 20 packs at a time?
What do you think about the new policy to allow private investment in defence of Indian Government that has been finalized?
Why are there so many government service centers, nowadays, in India?
Why does Modi’s government amend the FCRA bill?
Would the US government reduce deaths from darknet fentanyl if it took down torproject.org?
Are there any jobs for CSE/IT engineers in the government sector?
How can we file a complaint regarding labour law? Is there any dedicated government agency who can help for HR related queries? Is there any email ID?
Which employees are covered in class I under Haryana government?
What are the empirical effects of countries having a presidential versus parliamentary system?
What would be the facilities for the local level elected person in Nepal?
It's been around 3 years for Modi's government, what is the biggest achievement till date?
If Brexiteers are so keen on democracy, why are they opposed to a referendum on whatever deal the government come up with?
Which central government departments are covered under the Central Health Service Scheme?
Is the USA experiencing a test period of democracy, and freedom that might mean, the end to democracy in the world because media has been taken over?
What are different types of federalism? Which of it is followed by India?
How did Joseph Stalin overthrow the government?
What is the relationship between the press and democracy?
Which is the best government CGL job or business?
Is there any way of providing government-level cybersecurity to end users at a low price internationally?
What influence does the government have on SMEs?
Do you think a company should actively lobby the government in order to obtain competitive advantages?
What is it like to pursue a career in Regulatory Affairs?
What are financial and economical data available for free from the US government?
What if there were no more government secrets?
What types of government are an oligarchy, autocracy, and democracy?
Will Tory's abolition of school lunches lose them votes?
What is the Theresa May government's rationale for legalising the ivory trade once again in England?
Do government classifications (for confidential information) or warrants (issued by a regular judge for unrelated reasons) hold more weight?
What are the disadvantages of a back paper in the AKTU for PSU?
Should the government outlaw Uber?
In what countries does the government have access to bank accounts in the form of a central register? Why is it supposed to serve?
Isn't there an end to minority appeasement? Why isn't the government taking action against the Owaisi brothers, Barkhati, and the ISIS network in India?
Why doesn’t Mexico do what Venezuela is doing to its government, by taking up arms and fighting the corruption head-on in the streets?
Are there any keywords or search phrases that, if typed into Google, could result in being monitored by the government, NSA, or police?
Is it usual practice in other countries for government employees to not get paid a salary for three months or is it just in mine?
Is the 80-IBA government scheme a part of PMAY?
How does government housing work in America?
Did American founders invent the presidential system of government?
What has the Modi government done to improve education in India?
What does “federal state” mean in politics?
Can a US court hold a state government in contempt?
Is democracy really good? What kind of other systems can we implement?
What did you do that made government officials visit you?
If the government found out the meaning of life, would they tell us?
Which country has the most benign government?
What is the reservation in government recruitment for women and in general?
What's stopping the government from reducing immigration?
Why isn’t the Indian government taking the necessary steps to prevent Indians from being murdered by Americans?
What is the Bangladeshi government doing to protect the beauty of Sundarbans?
Is it possible to work sincerely at a government job?
Will Facebook be regulated? What would regulation look like?
Why is it okay for the government to make wearing seat belts while driving compulsory but ban soft drinks from school?
If the government announces reservation to Thakurs of Saharanpur in exchange for an oath to move into the 21st century, would they get some foresight?
How do managers maintain staff retention in their government departments?
Why is it bad for a government to invest in companies, as with the bailout of AIG?
Does the laying off of jobs in India occur due to poor governance?
What does the local government do to support the community?
How can I know if someone currently works for the Federal Government?
What should I look for in a private psychiatrist that isn't government affiliated & corrupt?
Can I survive without a government job?
Do the military fight for our country or fight for the government (and are brainwashed by the government to believe they are fighting for our country)?
Why would some people discourage freebies from the government, but not from corporations (as in JIO)?
Is the U.S. basically a social democracy already?
Is there a government ideology that is often forgotten?
Why doesn’t the government have a strict policy on Bitcoin? Why hasn’t the government banned this currency in India?
How can Britain have a democracy despite the fact that it doesn't have a constitution?
Why is it that all governments don't provide free food to everyone?
Why is the Thai government so concerned with their King being shown in a crop top?
With all the past problems and current problems with the RCMP, why doesn't the government just disband the organization?
What are the government policies for the people who want to start a business in India?
Which type of government is suitable for India-left, right, authoritarian or liberal?
How can the government raise money without taxes?
How would the world react if Trump was reelected?
Why does the US government refuse to keep its citizens in line as well as the Russian government does its own?
What is the NDA government doing to curb slow job growth and unemployment?
What is the legislative branch of government?
Do I need approval from local authorities or the government to plant trees around my building?
Is China now trying to become a bigger terrorist than the US government?
If the intention of Modi's government is to curb black money, why doesn’t the government want to target rich people? The name list is countable.
Isn’t it time that we helped Iran out of the cold and into the light?
Why is nobody in government even trying to reverse academic inflation?
Which are the best student-involved government programs around the world?
Why doesn’t the government ban the production of cigarettes when it is injurious to health?
Who will get the government in the coming five years (PTI or PML-N)?
Where can I find a database of names of UK/US citizens for my research on names & religion? Would it be in a public domain, or are there any hacks?
What percent of existing bureaucratic government jobs could be automated or removed entirely?
Is NIFT a semi government institution?
What is it like running a country?
Why is the Senate considering calling Comey to testify about his memos when he was fired for lying to the Senate under oath?
Could you mention some polls showing that the US government does reforms against the majority’s will?
What documentation is required for architect to register in government departments in M.P.?
If the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea is constitutionally a democracy by name, why do other democracies tend to seek war against the state?
Does the government use fluoride in water to control its population?
Will there always be dictatorships?
How many employees does the US federal government have?
Should there be a cap on indirect costs for government research grants?
What is Irish democracy?
What will it take to unify the governments of the world?
Where can I find help to apply for a government grant (US) or an interest-free loan?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of a constitutional republic?
How many factions are there within the US government (not just in Congress but in all other various agencies)?
If the same ICJ were to give a ruling against India regarding removing the restrictions on consuming beef, would our government honour it?
Is there still a partial government seat in PSG?
Will the Syrian government collapse?
Can the government prevent the usage of or control cryptocurrency?
Does democracy still work if the ignorant people are the majority?
What is the difference between the goals of a government manager and a public office manager?
Is there a term for wanting adverse events to occur to prove a point?
What is non-territorial federalism?
Which education sector is better, private or government?
Will we ever have one global government?
PV Sindhu was given a Group 1 service by the state government. The job requires knowledge about various subjects. Is it justifiable to give her such service?
If Australia becomes a republic, will it have a US style democracy, or another form of government?
Why aren’t governments placing a ban on bitcoins, considering the recent cyber attacks?
Why isn’t Andhra Pradesh’s government taking any action against Sakshi TV or the newspaper?
When will America's authoritarian government be replaced with a democracy?
If the Central Government makes laws, do they apply to every citizen of the country or just the people of the union territories?
What is the actual problem of India: democracy, politicians, or us?
Is there any PR firm working for the government sector?
Is a democratic republic the best form of government?
Who are some of the best speech writers in government today?
Is 'NOC' required for fresh application of passport for government employees?
What are the aspects of totalitarianism?
Is it possible that zombies already exist and that the government just doesn’t want to let us know?
Why is the Central government of India more powerful?
Does the Pakistan government brainwash its people?
Why doesn't the Maharashtra government regularly make provision in Mumbai for parking lots? Why is everyone struggling? Is the government incapable of thinking?
Do you think the American government should spend more time investigating 3/11?
In what ways do governments earn money other than taxes?
What if one day Artifical Intelligence form our government, what will you do?
Why do some govts. have a Ministry of Happiness, and what are they for?
If a govt. employee is removed from service, what can he do next?
Is a CCC NSIC certificate useful for high level government jobs?
How are conflicts between the legislature and executive bound to occur in the presidential system of government prevalent in the USA?
Why is the Indian economy sinking under the Modi government?
If the US interior shrinks millions of acres of public lands, will anyone be able to buy up a scenic acreage from the U.S. government?
How can anyone argue that the EU is more or at least as democratic as most EU national governments?
What government services and jobs could be easily automated today?
Who do people in Crimea pay taxes to, the Ukrainian government or the Russian government?
Who would largely encourage corrupt systems in Indian government offices? And why do they thrive as if it's some sort of standard practice?
Should India think about transforming the country's government from a parliamentary system to an executive presidency?
Would it be advisable to invest in the Philippines especially under the new government?
How will the latest government ordinance help in the resolution of bad loans?
Do any of you feel that local government should be more prominent than federal government?
Is it worse for the government to limit the number of children a person can have or to force women to carry unwanted pregnancies to term?
Why did the UPA government hired a Pakistani lawyer in ICJ?
Corruption can't seem to be eradicated. Is there not a system of governance that can completely "avoid" it then?
What would our world be like if government did not exist?
How did extreme nationalism lead to an age of dictatorship?
What were the reasons why the government put 12% GST on sanitary wear, despite its high need yet low penetration​?
Is a watchdog entity that exposes the abuses of power, corruption, fraud, government waste, etc. on a global scale any less valuable than Deep Throat?
What is your opinion on the government manipulating the markets by hiking the interest rates as it wishes?
If a billionaire created an independent state similar to Rapture in Bioshock, would you sign up?
Why is the nationalisation of Royal Mail etc. so expensive for the government?
What is the logical connection between the 'one-party government' concept and communism?
How did medieval historians view the democracies and republics of the classical world?
From the total employment of India, the employment in the government sector is only 2%. Why, then, do people target reservation in the government sector?
Does the government spy on us through electronics? How?
Why does the U.S. government like interfering in other countries' internal affairs?
Which IHM (government only) colleges are the best?
How do government bonds function?
Why is democracy preferred as compared to other forms of government?
Why do people in rural America hate the Federal Government when they receive billions of dollars in federal aid and subsidies?
What is corporate governance? How does it help the economy?
Has Modi’s government failed to deal with internal security (naksal samasya) in red corridor states?
Why does the Australian government alone impose restrictions on foreign property investors?
Is democracy as we know it in demise?
Does the public have the right to know everything the U.S. government is doing?
What is the longest stretch that the Republican Party can realistically retain control of all three branches of government?
What was the first form of self-government in the colonies?
Is democracy possible without capitalism?
What services should be provided by the government and what should be left to the free market?
What are the pros and cons of the "Patalganga project" proposed by the Karnataka government to tap deep underground water?
Are Iranians ironically western friendly and want non theocratic government?
If you had the chance to reform our government with the snap of a finger, what changes would you make?
Should parliament or the SC ban all types of bans imposed by the different states or the union government?
Is there a better alternative to universal suffrage (voting rights for all adults)?
How can we identify if a trust has been registered with the government of India?
What do you think about your government?
Is there any country that has struggled for democracy and is currently not democratic?
Do we need a universal goverment?
What do you consider to be the most reasonable political ideal, philosophy, or basis for a government?
Does ITER, SOA University have all the government approvals?
What are private military companies, the legal definition of it? And most importantly, can they be included under a branch of government for regulation?
How would you sum up the communist government?
Is it wrong to question the action or inaction of the government, military and judiciary in a democratic country like India?
Where did US Representative Al Green find the people to fake the threatening tapes?
Why don't liberal states support the call for a convention of states to limit the power of the federal government?
How do I get a central government job after an M.Tech biotechnology?
As a government employee, how much is the cash-in-hand salary?
Does the Israeli government do the same as the Indian government does in regards to terrorism?
What action will be taken by by the government for the students if their university caught on fire?
What is the impact on the economy if the government is highly indebted?
What is the government spending our tax money on that we just cannot afford?
Will the government pay you for killing a terrorist?
Now that almost literally everyone has access to the internet, why doesn't the U.S. have all citizens vote individually on legislation?
Overall, what do you think about the government's moves to tackle black money?
Do new nations depend on their governments to succeed? How would you explain this?
Does gold rise because confidence in the government falls or because of money printing?
Why is the Feku government silent on the layoffs in the IT sector?
How can we start an armed revolution against any repressive government to overthrow the government?
What is the job profile of an MPDO officer in the state (Telangana) governments?
What could be a good alternative to polybags? Can the government ban them?
When do you suppose artificial intelligence will start playing an active role in government, and in which areas might it debut?
Would the United States benefit from limiting the power of the executive branch of its government further?
What is the revised pay matrix 2017 for central government employees? Will it create some more anomalies?
Was Rome a dictatorship?
Is it possible to create a house that is protected from demolition?
Do U.S. auto manufacturers receive subsidies from the government?
Land Laws comes under Central Govt or State Govt in India?
Is it in the best interest of the people of the USA to have politicians and mainstream media delay the government’s work?
What is the difference between a republican government and a despotic government?
Would it be against the code of conduct of the election commission to change the government before the second phase of the local election in Nepal?
How do energy companies put pressure on governments?
How do government officials keep straight what is and isn't classified when addressing the press?
Can we bribe someone for government jobs in India?
Why do we not hold our elected officials accountable?
How do people from India feel about their government?
Can good governance exist with populism and clientelism?
What will be the consequence if the government distributes all the country’s budget to the accounts of its citizens equally?
Is an oil rig renting the ocean floor from the government? Or is it owning it?
Would a government kill its own people to score political points in an electoral race?
Which government is more authoritarian, Turkey or Russia?
How can people and government resolve the water crisis in "Bundelkhand"?
What government or industrial functions should Beijing transfer to the Xiongan New Area?
How powerful is the Indian government?
When are ITI government online admissions open in Karnataka?
For how much time can a mobile bill be claimed by central government employees?
For Christians: if a tyrannical government takes over, does Romans 13 still apply when it comes to obedience to governing powers?
Is being governor basically being the president of your state?
Do republicans have any argument except the constitutional one when they say that local government is better than the federal government?
Why doesn't the Indian government help Sikhs in European countries where they are being discriminated against on religious grounds by their governments?
What is Naxalite? Why it's started? Who started? What they want from Indian government?
What is cabinet ministry and who rules to who?
What salary can you get as an MBBS government doctor?
What do you understand about equality & democracy being dynamic and not static concepts?
What is the most successful way to campaign for government accountability reforms?
What are the different forms of constitutions?
Why doesn't the government invest in startups?
Is the post office governed by the Congress or by the President?
Why was peer-to-peer file sharing taken down by the music industry while regulatory agencies and governments can’t do the same with Uber and Airbnb?
Businesses should be seen as partners in cleaning up the environment and not be treated as suspects by the government. What are people’s opinions about that?
What do you think of the Modi government after 3 years in power?
What are the scopes of MJMC in government sectors?
What are three practical steps we all could take to fix the broken US government?
Will Aman Goel, with his skills and knowledge, work with the Indian government for the overall betterment of the country?
Does the Constitution of Pakistan allow military interference? It seems that there is a lesser role of the Democratic government than the holy army?
What is your experience of lobbying for a favor with any of the government?
What may the government be hiding?
Why do you obey the United States government?
Do major cities have evacuation plans in case of emergencies?
Is communism illegal in Germany?
Why does the China Government keep any religious facilities across the nation despite their sole Communism ideology?
What are the steps taken by the government to clean the Ganga?
What makes California one of the worst governed states?
What have the Modi government's biggest hits and misses been?
Don’t our politicians and administrators have that much guts to send their children to government schools?
How do the existing rulers of China react to people's demands for democracy?
If the govt. hasn't been able to disclose the quantum of old currency that is deposited back, then why do we still not question the credibility of this govt.?
What if there was no government?
What advantages does a democracy have over other forms of government?
On a practical note, why and how is the Modi government failing?
What are the advantages and pitfalls of nationalisation? Why do governments do it?
Why do US presidents travel with so much security, especially overseas? Don't they trust foreign governments?
How are nation states formed when there is conflict and migration?
How is a government started?
Is India's trade policy under the Modi government better than that under Manmohan government?
Why is Indian democracy so corrupt?
Is the BJP government leading India towards development, considering all aspects?
What Indian government is doing to stop overpopulation despite knowing the fact that it is some really serious issue for the country?
Should School superintendents be elected officials?
How authoritarian is the American government?
Do politicians in India force government officers (like IAS) to do certain tasks?
What does the local government do with taxes?
Why aren’t we hiring only leading scientists for our government and to be in charge?
What are the undemocratic laws passed and repealed by Indian government?
Has the present form of China's government made life better for the common man?
Should the government ban interest-only loans in housing to prevent them from blowing up and destabilizing the financial sector and the broader economy?
Why is communism dying?
Where does the government get the new money to replace the old ones and what are the strategies?
Why are there so many slums in the urban cities of India despite the steps taken by the government?
How much did the pre-modern governments/monarchs or academics understand about inflation?
What is local control in a federal state?
Is the government of France different from the political system in the UK?
How can taxpayers enforce delivery of basic service from the government?
Can the Indian government be held liable for taking action against an employee?
What is the rule on giving salary to a jailed government employee in India?
Do you think the American government should spend more time investigating 7-11?
Is Campaign for Judicial Accountability and Reform (CJAR) a government body?
How was the present government of Nepal 2074 formed?
How does Singapore prevent government corruption by corporations?
To what extent is the current drought crisis in part of Africa a failure of governance?
What is the federalist system of government?
How is a constitutional republic founded?
There have been a lot of government related petitions of late. Can the citizens of a district or State compel a Congressman or Senator in any way?
Does the government give money to NGOs to run their organization?
Do you believe that individuals that carry negative RH factors, more specifically, O-, are being tracked by government agencies?
How could "public governance" curb the rampant corruption that prevails in all the three arms of the government?
What would the end stage of governmental corruption look like in a democratic nation?
Considering two people with the same capabilities, one in the private sector and the other in government sector, who struggles to earn money more?
Why are African governments mostly corrupt?
What is a combination party in government?
How is India being destroyed under BJP government?
If you work for the FBI, are you considered to be part of the judicial branch or the executive branch of the government?
Do you think reservations are necessary everywhere in the government sector?
Can we get double HRA for transferring from Jaipur to Tripura?
What are the jobs offered on scientific officer posts in the Indian Government?
What are the schemes of government for old age people below poverty line?
Why is authoritarianism not democracy?
Can mass media be used to brainwash citizens to push a government's agenda and to increase consumerism? If yes, can you give some examples?
How much are the liberal policies of the previous years' government responsible for the state of India today?
How did the US government respond to the Great Depression?
If Democrats don't think sex is the government's concern, what do they think of the taxpayers funding birth control?
What if government revenue could only be raised via crowdsourcing means?
How does pay fixation work for a central government employee if their date of promotion and increment is 01–07–2016?
Is Canada's government good or bad? Is Canada respected or laughed at? Do we have a good or bad history? What things should the government change?
Why is movable immovable property so important in government sectors?
Should schools in India be nationalized?
Considering the present scenario, is democracy worth it or should there be a military rule of a monarchy?
Mr. Awdhesh Singh, what if govt. also starts firing people as in pvt. sector based on performance and not give permanent jobs?
When is the Karnataka government going to pass a bill granting 100% reservations for locals in the private sector?
What are the most innovative approaches to measuring the impact of public investments in emerging technology like AI, genetics, neuroscience, and Blockchain?
Is there an official position in a government or agency that is tasked solely to weed out corruption?
Why is almost a third of US government spending discretionary and not transparent to the people?
Where can we get state and central government job updates?
Which life is better: engineering or government job like FDA?
Has Modi’s government and Yogi’s government made any real changes in the life of a ordinary person?
Were the Southern state governments truly representative of their people in 1860, as only landowners and males could vote in some states?
What actions are taken by the government against ewe teasing?
What are schemes introduced by the government to encourage entrepreneurship in India?
It’s been 9 years since Jaipur has witnessed a bomb blast. Why hasn’t the government taken any decision on this?
What steps have been taken by the government to fill the gap between the demands of industry and the education system?
What is a practical and perfect form of government?
Is this type of federalism practicable in Nepal?
Is the American government going take action apart from sanctioning the terrorist organisation in Pakistan?
Given so much spying and surveillance, how embassies exchange highly secret messages to their home country/government?
How strong is the correlation between national secularism and government corruption?
What do you mean by democracy? How is it implemented?
Is there any situation where solutions and actions taken by the government due to a revelation in debate and reality shows like Arnab does in India ?
Why would tech companies provide backdoors for the government? Are they legally obliged to do so, or do they benefit from the cooperation?
What is the local level of the legislative branch?
Is it illegal to write books against the government in England?
What would America be like under the leadership of Smedley Butler and a fascist government?
What are the key achievements of the Modi government after three years in power?
Can we say taxation as a comulsory extortion of money by the government?
If if the other branches of government do not check the Executive at this juncture, will we find ourselves in a constitutional crisis?
Can I service as an aircraft maintenance engineer under the government in India?
Why haven't more governments decriminalised cannabis?
What are challenges in urban water governance for Dhaka as a mega city?
If we had a more deliberative democracy would populism remain?
Is it right to justify the failures of the central government just for the sheer fact that at least they are trying?
Do you think that an alien invasion is the only thing that could ultimately lead to a one world government?
What are the important schemes launched by central government of India?
How can some make illegal money in a government funded IT project?
Is there any regulation/rulings governing the exemption of non-public entities being subject to audit in the US?
Did the British government have a similar human rights rhetoric at the height of its power in the late 1870s?
What are the good things that BJP-led central government has inherited from its predecessor, the UPA government?
Is there any truth to the idea that if your invention idea is too brilliant, the goverment might try and actually snuff you or your invention out?
Do American people fear their government?
How do government sector organisations hire personal assistants?
Do you think the Modi government is directly or indirectly favouring the Patanjali brand?
Should the US have four political parties, instead of two, represented in the state and federal government?
Which government is better congress or BJP?
How do Greeks feel for having a radical left party in the government?
Do the profits earned by companies owned by Vijay Mallya go to the government banks now? If not, then why?
How are government welfare schemes implemented in India from the centre to the village level?
What are the difficulties of local self-government in India?
What are implications if the government fails to meet its financial needs?
What is the role of the government in maintaining law, order and peace?
What is a general turn priority and a non-priority in the Tamil Nadu government sector applications?
Is the US government still in a state of emergency?
Why don't the people from North Korea rebel against their government?
What are the major changes that might be made in the government's policy if the opposition were to win the 14th Malaysian general election?
What are some websites, newspapers, magazines where I can find information about government jobs in India?
What will happen if I don't tell the government about my previous passport attempt?
Can a government servant join a political party?
Where on this earth can I live freely without a government’s control?
What percentage of the population in the United States believes that democracy and republic are antagonist notions?
Should a government force women to have an abortion if the country is going through severe droughts and famine and can't afford to care and feed it?
Has the representative democracy failed in America?
What would the ramifications be if a fourth branch of government whose job was to investigate the other three was created?
Government jobs are still permanent in India, provided that there are a lot of well performing unemployed people waiting to get a chance. Why?
Is MS-CIT essential for getting government jobs in Maharashtra?
How did the Vichy (France) government in WWII work?
In layman's, terms how do the provincial governments work in Canada?
How much of the UK government’s income is dedicated to London?
Why is India growing despite its government and not because of it?
How do governmental institutions operate?
Is the government responsible for the cut in IT jobs?
Is the Modi government not anti-farmer? Just like the farmers have been fooled by telling the scheme of a fraudulent insurance plan.
Are federal agency heads and cabinet secretaries bureaucrats?
What is the Modi government's stance against mass layoffs in the IT industry?
Is the Philippines an oligarchy?
What form of government would you like to have in your country?
Who is responsible for the violence in Kashmir, and why is the government not taking any steps?
Exactly what constitutes treason? Is foreign government hacking not a form of warfare?
Do executives understand how vulnerable their systems are to ransom or attack without supported software updates and cybersecurity?
Why are Americans so naive to believe in democracy?
Is it a criminal offense as a government official to lie to the press?
Should there be more transparency in how the Singapore government manages our CPF?
What are the schemes brought by the Siddharamaiaah government?
Why were vertical launchers, until recently, only operated by governments?
Who formed the first coalition government in an Indian state?
Is the bureaucracy failing democracy in India? Farmers are committing suicide every day. The bureaucracy is expanding its salaries.
How much time would it take for a government to force the people of their nation to change their native language to some other language?
Is it good to drop a private job and prepare for a government job?
Is the government scamming us with their formal education?
What would Australia look like if it became a republic, like, the parliamentary system (obviously it wouldn't be called parliament)?
Is an unauthorized absence-based termination possible in government jobs?
If destroying currency is a gain for the government, then why is it against the law?
How do people from other countries view Americans? Do you understand that the actions of the government are not always what the citizens want?
If there was a nation of Quorans, what government would it have?
What can we learn about life from pragmatic governments?
Can an Indian government employee become rich?
What is Bolivia's type of government?
Why aren't companies charged with bribery when they pay millions of dollars to politicians whose political beliefs align with those certain companies?
What clauses in the US Constitution gives the government the power to "protect jobs"?
Why do governments borrow money instead of printing it?
Even though American children learn how to hate Communism, should they still learn democracy vs communism and have free will to decide for themself?
Can I get the promises of congress government which were not completed still?
What is community government?
Do temples get funding from the government like madrasas?
Why should we pay taxes to governments? Don't you think this money is wasted on politicians’ privilege and corruption?
Is our government doing enough to search for new oil reserves in all three of the Indian administered water bodies?
What is the impact of governmental institutions in society?
What is the reason that vacancies in PSUs have curtailed compared to the previous few years? Is the Modi government reluctant on creating government jobs?
How different is the democracy between Indonesia and Norway?
Why do we focus so much on government budgets rather than government cost efficiency and productivity?
Who among those in the IAS get the chance to serve for the Central government?
Why does the BJP government waste taxpayers’ money on its advertisements?
Why is cash printed by governments?
How do US citizens or any citizens residing under a similar form of government see Canadian politics?
Is SBI clerk a central government job?
Where and how do you file complaints against an irregular government employee?
How would you rate the NDA government's three-year performance?
How can the government limit the right to assembly?
What if I don't want to subject myself to the government's rules and don't want to be a citizen?
Does the govt. give loans for post-graduation?
Who has the power in communism?
Why doesn't China promote its style of government in other countries?
What is your best advice to poor nations? What do you think their governments and people should be focusing on the most?
What, in your opinion, should be the steps taken by the Indian government to encourage more foreign investment?
When will the Indian Government or IRB developers stop collecting toll tax on Ahmedabad-Vadodara Express Way in Gujarat?
Does Trump have no shame for firing a good man like Comey?
Why should or shouldn’t small farms be government subsidized?
Do many Americans want their government to work to divide the EU?
Are corrupt practices in government departments reduced after demonetization? Would someone like to share their recent experience anonymously?
What is a military dictatorship and its features?
What is the difference between federal, republic and Democratic?
Why are girls advised to work in the government sector over the private one?
Why does our government cover up UFOs? And if there are intelligent beings outside of our world, where does the Bible stand on if they were here first?
Who are Nepal’s sherpas? Why are they fighting the government?
What role could AI play in governance?
Why don't our government create a better religion?
Can we call tax as compulsory extortion of money by the government?
What is the basic characteristic of a unitary government?
How can trust be restored in American government and public industries?
What type of government does Bhutan have?
What are the main reasons why most of Vietnamese don't speak up against their corrupted inefficient government even though they are fed up with it?
How does the state government (from the opposition party) generate money?
What are the salient features of democracy?
Do we have a single official website for all government jobs in India?
We need a Tamil FM station in Bangalore. If the local government does not agree, can the Tamil Nadu government start one in Hosur?
Is the Modi government right?
Can a central government employee working as inspector in central excise department invest in Stock market? Upto what extent he can invest?
Can the Indian government adopt the same model of health insurance policy as that of the USA? If so, why has it not been adopted yet?
Why can not the Indian government and state governments use power point presentation for budgets rather than giving a speech?
Did any central government employee get his 7th pay commission arrears?
Why are non-government organisations positive things? Towards the world and ourselves.
Would USA function as a parliamentary republic and would the American population be in favour of such changes?
What is the value of spending public funds on discovering the origin of inanimate objects?
Is a real democratic world government viable?
Is the Indian government showing a very lenient attitude towards the Pakistani government?
What would you do if your government took no income tax?
What are the benefits of Modi's govt.?
Should abortion be funded by the government?
What steps should the central government, state government & we as citizens of India should take for the cause of Kashmir unrest?
Is it legal for an Indian government employee to simultaneously run his business or work somewhere else to earn moey?
If hypothetically, a one world government or federation was established, how would it's sociopolitical underpinnings look like?
Is the Maharashtra Government aware of the heavy crowd in local trains? The common Mumbaikar question is, “Did they have any idea how to control the crowd”?
What is sovereignty with special reference to democratic government?
How do I take loan from united states government as an international applicant to Umass?
What is the Assam government?
What will happen if all the wealth of Indian temples is declared as government property?
Working in Apple or a government job, which is better?
What is the purpose of a unitary government?
What would happen if there appeared a 750,000 square mile nation populated entirely by Quorans?
If governments found a way to extend human life for hundreds of years, would they keep it as a secret or would they share it with the rest of us?
What do socialists think about government bonds?
What do you mean by dual government from 1765 to 1772 in Bengal?
Can China be said to be a democracy?
Why was the Qing government so hated?
Would you prefer your state to remove and deport people with different political persuasions to make it a unified government?
Is ICE becoming a federal police?
What books or resources do you recommend for a broad overview of government theory (democracies/totalitarian, etc?)
How can a government ever get a grip on cryptocurrencies for taxing purposes?
Can states separate in a federal country?
What is the minimum amount of time that has been observed to implement an infrastructure with government support in a corrupted country?
What happens when government redistributes wealth from rich people to the less fortunate?
If a large majority of people in a country want the land they are residing on to be a separate country, and a big protest is going on, then what will the government do?
How should the Singapore government be more transparent?
Is America still safe for democracy?
What is France’s type of government?
Why do conservative Republicans want small government control? In what way will this work for the country (as per their perspective)?
What is the meaning of radical democracy?
What are the benefits of being an Indian government employee?
Has the Modi government really done anything good?
How important is change in life and in governance (politics)?
Does a person working in the government sector live more happily than a person working in the private sector?
Is the Cricket phone service run by the government?
Why do we need the government? Why can't we create an app that lets the public vote on the laws they want?
What is the most wasteful thing the government of Louisiana has paid for?
How is the government responsible if someone loses their job at a private company?
Why doesn't our government use forts and palaces as a workplace?
What do the people of Quora think of direct democracy?
What is the most complicated title ever held by a nobleman?
Is our democracy hacked?
Should citizens give their governments unconditional support even when they commit war crimes and crimes against humanity?
Does the government wait for any incident to happen as all the laws or rules are passed only after an incident takes place?
Why is the BJP government keen on suppressing the Keezhadi Archaeological site research?
Why does the US have only around 2-3 times the budget of Germany, while it has 5-6 times its GDP?
What is a democratic republic government?
How authoritarian is the Chinese government?
Do the biometric identification cards issued by the government to the public contain tracking chips?
How would you appraise your current government?
Would someone like to share the percentage system going on in government departments for a major contract value?
Can a business which is an LED manufacturer come under the government scheme?
Can we see democracy in China?
Is there any part to synthetic biology that would be illegal to do at this time?
What are some examples of governmental institutions?
Why is there a slowdown in the market even when BJP's central government is providing facilities?
Are the BA coaching centers private or government run?
Should the U.S. government regulate children’s names like they do in other countries?
Is the level of B.Tech in both the government as well as private up to par?
Does any other country other than US have an equivalent role of the designated survivor?
Why is it that in America the answer to the government’s mistakes is not to reform the government but to get rid of the government?
Why don't more people support world government?
Is there any chance of the increment of vacancies in the government sector rising in the near future (in the next 6 months)?
What is the shortest and best Definitions of institution?
How effective will be a tie between Coursera and the government of India?
Would having 18-30-year-old people in government leadership roles benefit a nation?
What if the government developed public grievance cells at each district level to address day-to-day problems of the public?
Do people becomes corrupt after getting government jobs?
In layman's terms, how does the provincial government work?
Which is the government authority in Indonesia which develop and regulate the construction industry?
How can one best determine the likelihood that politicians will govern well, whatever their political persuasions?
Why did the BJP government fall?
What can our government do to widen the tax net, because very few people pay their taxes?
What action can be taken by a government department regarding unauthorised absence for 40-45 days by an employee?
Why is Modi government spending so much for minorities?
Is India a transitional or an embedded democracy?
How does the UDAN scheme of the Union Government work?
What do Keralites think of the Communist rule? Are they satisfied with the CPI Government?
What are policies or legislation on cybersecurity that can be implemented in cities?
How probable is the fact that governments anti-tobacco campaign is a well prepared cover up of an excuse for this huge and growing tax revenue source?
Is monarchy a better form of government for a country like India?
After how much time do we get government quarters?
Will the BJP government force us to stand for the Mahishmatti anthem in the future?
What is the average compensation for a general (all stars) in any of the four major branches (army, navy, marines, air force) of the U.S. military?
How can I get a government construction license?
How good is the performance of yogi government?
Why was San Marino the first country to have a democratically elected Communist government in 1945?
If the government bans gas vehicles, then what will the pollution rate of India be?
Why does the government regulate abortion?
According to you, which form of government could Quora be, if Quorans ever need a Quoran government?
How can I remember the table of precedence of government functionaries with logic?
Is Trump moving the USA towards becoming an authoritarian state?
Is it possible for Governement to start Intra-state flights in India for states like Punjab?
What is "acquisition action" in terms of being a program manager in the government?
Has a government funded programs that explore precognition in human beings?
In what way can government assist in the development of a country?
What should be done, but can’t realistically be done, by politics and governments?
Which welfare schemes are started by Modi’s government?
Is it possible for the ruling government to alter general election results in Malaysia?
How many central government exams are held in India in a year?
How will the US government change?
Does censorship in democracy mean that the people are not mature enough to practice a democracy?
What should the Pakistani government do to fight Indian conspiracies?
What's the real aim of the Chinese government’s restriction in selling and buying houses?
What are some bills being debated in congress?
How can hackers crash economies, destroy governments and bring society to its knees?
Why is the Indian Government very slow in providing justice?
What are the sources of income for the government of an undeveloped country?
Why should the world help in changing an Shiite government with another Sunni one with the same opposite ideology?
Will I get money from the government if I give free water to people in the road in the summer?
Why is the Modi government passing all of the bills it blocked during Congress’ rule?
Why isn’t the Indian government taking any action against the growing population?
Is democracy a form of patsy scheme?
What would the American government have to do for the military to actually enact a coup to restore the constitution?
How do foreigners see India's diversity and democracy? As a democracy, how successful have we been? How has democracy served India?
Should we be always on "the watchout"?
Will the mulla government collapse in Iran?
Should the people’s right to know be valued above the government’s need for secrecy?
If a R&AW officer happens to see corruption in any government departments or among politicians, will they take appropriate legal action?
Is the government interested in increasing employment for the public?
How did the role of the federal government expand during the Great Depression?
Do you have a reaction to the book, Raven Rock: The Story of the US Government's Secret Plan to Save Itself?
According to Awdhesh Singh, which is better, communism or democracy?
When will there be a time when a state or the government issues visas to your country of choice to avoid poverty, unemployment, and prejudice?
Why does the Mumbai government not shun slums which are a major cause of crime and pollution?
How does a government regain the trust of its citizens?
Do you really think the Americans would want a Queen instead of democracy?
How should a local government assess the current price of a public road which has been in use for seven years?
Why are people against government money (vouchers) paying for religious K-12 educations?
Where is direct democracy possible?
Why hasn’t the Indonesian government taken down pirated movie stalls?
Why is the government interested in the growth of the service sector & not in favour of production?
Why doesn't the government make it illegal for the misuse of antibiotics in slaughterhouses? They’re creating superbugs while feeding us crap.
When (if ever) will Greece exit the economic crisis? What realistic and doable actions have to be done?
Could a "tax haven" for businesses exist in Earth’s orbit, or on the Moon?
Why doesn’t our government create a better religion that’s more suitable to all?
What is the demand of government bus drivers in Tamil Nadu?
What is the role of government in the business sector?
What should the government do to maintain peace in Indonesia?
What did Curtis Munson mean by, "People of the Bridges Type"?
How can you run a country without government?
Why is RBI considered to be performing merchant banking functions to the state and central government?
What would a UPA government have done about Kulbhushan Jadhav?
Which government is the most into debt?
Should people be held accountable for their government’s actions?
What are the projects or initiatives taken by the Indian government to protect the mother Ganges?
Is it possible that alternative forms of communism would work? Can you think of similar approaches?
What would be a new form of ruling other than democracy?
How long would it take to receive an answer from a Swedish Ministry?
Should American children be taught about communism and democracy, and be allowed the free will to choose for themselves?
Is it legal or illegal to move plants from one state to another?
Is democracy sustainable?
Has the present N.D.A. government not been focusing on government jobs in spite of outsourcing?
Is it true that the American government kills foreign people?
Will moderation ever return to the federal government?
Is the National Housing Development Organisation under government control?
If people’s individual rights are protected by the government, is it the people's responsibility to protect the people from structural violence?
Are there any corporations owned by multiple governments?
Which do you view as the best system, the meritocracy or the democracy? Why?
Is the lottery really just another giant scheme that the government conjured up to help line their pockets?
How are quasi-legislative powers used?
What is the fate of Tamil Nadu under the BJP central government?
What are the differences between national policy and government policy?
Why do Indian government companies provide the worst service & their staff behaves as though they are frustrated?
Which business, government or academic organisation has the most PhDs?
Why is the USA such a violent place compares to the other established democracies?
How can the state government go against the federal government?
Should the average person have a right to mass media broadcasting airwaves like corporations and government do?
If you could live without the government bothering you, how would you choose to live?
What sort of constitutional provision is saving government employees in India from getting fired for non-performance, negligence of duty and corruption?
What are the challenges in implementing ICT projects in government organisations?
Is democracy good for developing countries?
What are the social implications of a country running out of water?
Which government has more corrupt politicians in it, NDA or UPA?
How do governments rob people?
Can India afford to have a benevolent dictatorship to solve its internal problems?
Should goverment legislate to close the gender pay gaps?
Did the Indian democracy run with casteism? Can the Indian democracy run beside any one religion?
Can an employee of a government organisation claim tax benefits under section 80E?
If you believe your government and fellow citizens would indiscriminately take thousands of innocent lives on 9/11, why do you still live in the U.S.?
As per Islam, can I not keep a beard if I like but not permanently?
Why is the Indian government not talking about unification of rivers?
How is the fake news phenomenon yet another malignity of the government to seize power?
Can a government employee buy a truck for commercial use?
What are the “executive” and the “legislature”? Why does the responsibility of the executive change in a presidential system compared to a parliamentary system?
Can the central government take any action against Imam Barkati when there is Mamta Banerjee in West Bengal?
How come governments all over the world hoard gold?
If someone found a way to cure all negative health conditions, (including old age,) would the government or other organizations try to suppress it?
What do governments do when their agencies or offices are hacked into and they find out that it is an external state actor? Do they confront their ambassador?
Why don’t people in Bengal overthow the Mamata government?
How do I deal with the pressure from my parents to get a government job?
What is the most convincing argument for Communism?
Would billionaires exist without the aid of government regulation?
What should local government do?
How should Government deal with open Nalas/Drains/streams that are passing through the city?
Will the Modi government take serious action against Pakistan?
What are some of the visible changes after Trump Governance?
What can be done to involve people in governance, especially in India?
Why do republicans take more money from the federal government than they pay?
What world leaders threw their government into chaos and/or disastrous political failure the quickest?
In the British parliamentary system of government, what happens if there is a tie in votes between 2 parties in a general election?
Which is the best central government job in india?
Is ISBF Delhi a government institute?
How do you feel about Noakhali Government College?
How much does a scientist in the government earn?
Will this pork-barrel app accurately describe how the federal government spends tax money?
Can a PWD officer lease government rest house premises to private persons for the purpose of business?
What are modern day examples of the separation of powers in the US government?
Did all progressive change/ideas come from a generation of people taking LSD? And why does no one care that the government was secretly testing it on civilians?
Is there a correlation between the downfall of government-run industries post 1990, and the rise of Marwari business families in Nepal?
What is the US’s response to Soviet hacking incursions into the elections of various Western democracies?
While you can't legally get alcohol if you are under 21 at least in some countries, can you give people alcohol who are over 21?
Who will decide if a nation can follow a presidential system or parliamentary system?
Why has the central government increased the metro fare in Delhi?
Should smartphones allow backdoor access to government agencies?
Explain how the US Constitution limits the power of government through a separation of powers and a system of checks and balances?
How did the feudal system influence the government of China?
Is the Kashmir issue overexploited to gain political power and favour from the central government?
Why should a common man pay for the salary of a corrupt government employee?
How did the anti-government protests of 2015/16 affect Ethiopian politics?
What type of federal system do we have in India?
How does the government of a country enforce collective decisions made elsewhere?
Has there been any improvement in the irrigation system of India after the NDA government came to power in 2014?
Are all heads of state/government in the developed countries part of the One Percent?
Does living in government-funded housing facilities impair low-income families psychologically?
How could the people put the army out of politics and continue the path to real democracy in Egypt?
Why is Pakistan not a democracy even though it has elections?
What is an example of an economic good that improved for consumers in both price and quality faster where government control increased?
How important is the development of Athenian democracy?
Why does the US government not honor the charters of organizations it is a member of?
What is the best way to transition from a dictatorship to a true democracy?
Is there any change in the working of diplomats by the changing of the central government in their country?
Which job is better, one in the central government or one in the state government?
How do I get instant notification regarding the latest central government jobs and AP State government jobs?
What should the next Korean government do to prevent fine dust?
What steps have been taken by the government to work on the rural development in Pakistan?
The Modi government has a lot of schemes, but why is the public not benefiting from them?
On what points should the Indian government work on to become a leader of first-world countries?
Can a billionaire buy a government officer in India?
What is democratic government?
What is the difference between a federation and a union?
Does the government create diseases and flues to weed out the population?
How do we get passport renewal NOC from a government organization if the employee is currently suspended and under departmental inquiry?
Why does the Indian government fail to catch bad people who live in foreign countries?
How can I meet the transport minister of Center/Haryana or Delhi?
Will the central government demonetise the ten rupee coin?
Did Labour set such a benchmark, with public services and the NHS that no Government can deliver the same standard?
What is it like to live through the transition of your country from a democracy to a dictatorship?
Is democracy a door wide open to autocracy and despotism?
Why can't the government give more power to IAS officers over politicians?
When a high security government employee is asked to leave, retire, or is fired does the clearance they have get removed right away?
Do you think protests against government in Serbia has impact on domestic politics?
Would you rather live in a place with an all-powerful government or no government at all?
Should representatives have to answer to people that are not in their district but that their decisions effect?
What infrastructural changes has the Indian government done to prevent floods in Mumbai/Chennai after these cities have been affected in the recent past?
Can the government make any law which proves necessary for any ongoing case?
When the world faces extinction, is there a possibility of a worldwide uniform government?
What were the best policies of the previous Congress government, in comparison to the current BJP government?
What percentage of the revenue deficit of dry states due to prohibition is met by the Central Government?
How is the government going to address the NPA issue of a bank?
If India changed from the parliamentary form of government to a presidential form of government, then how would it be and who would be the president and ministers?
What is one of the most prominent mistakes made by a government official in the United States?
In your opinion, was the Canadian government’s decision to cancel the Avro Arrow a mistake?
Are people taking advantage of the scheme given by the Modi government?
What contributed to the development of Athenian democracy?
Why are public governmental aids against being an enterpreneur?
How can a politician who didn't win the election still become a minister in the government?
If the most extreme right-wing constituency of our government could pass any laws and do as they pleased for 20 years, what would America look like in any and every aspect?
Why doesn't America become an authoritarian government like China?
What is the best way for international organisations to support good governance in East Africa?
Why does the Indian government behave like an individual?
Is it time to abolish tax returns in the US? Considering how large Bush and Obama grew government surveillance, the government knows already what you owe.
How will the states be able to manage Medicaid much better than the federal government, with lower costs and less waste, fraud, and abuse?
Why isn’t there close monitoring of the working method in government offices in spite of so many complaints from the public?
Do any of the world's governments or space agencies have plans in case of an apocalyptic-sized asteroid being on a collision course with Earth?
Can a central government employee in India legally build apps as a hobby?
How does influence group affect government policy?
Can you explain to me how the Cuban government works?
What are the job prospects of BArch candidates in the government, except for CPWD?
Which government job provides car facility to employees in India?
Is republican a best government looking at USA or rather an ulcer to the citizens?
What is the present pay scale for engineers in the central government cordite factory?
Why does the Indian government not take any steps against separatists?
What major countries of the world still don't hold democratic elections?
What are the exact steps that would have to take place for Canada to become a government like the US (President, VP, etc.) as opposed to PM and queen, etc?
Would it be possible to turn the USA to a dictatorship, if possible how?
If you had your own country, how would you design your governmental headquarters?
Do you agree with the democracy system?
Have you ever had any idea of a governmental system which is flawless?
What was the British government's reaction to the long term success of the United States following American Independence?
What are modern day examples of Limited Government in the US Government?
What are the different types of government in Ireland?
Do you think that our government employees are overpaid? Do you think that limiting their salaries to a more reasonable amount could help bring this country’s budget back in line?
What is the difference in a federal crime and state?
What is the impact of government spending in the classical model?
Are government guest houses open for all?
Can I open 2 NPS accounts in government service?
Does the US government and private organisations hope wars continue so there is a demand for their weapons?
Does the local government have a "duty to inform" when you move to a new city?
What is the gratuity amount issued by Telangana government if the government employees retiring on superannuation?
In Kashmir, our army gets helpless. Why isn’t the government responding and taking any strict actions against them?
If the US government found evidence of space aliens, would they publicize it or would they cover it up?
What can the federal government of Nigeria do to empower the local governments to create development?
How can you seek help from the USA government?
Shouldn't Republicans be given a free pass to run the government any way they see fit?
How can liberal progressives make a case for more government intervention in our lives and at the same time hate the president?
Is a lean socialist government possible?
Is a revolution an option for Nigeria’s bad government?
Does the Government of India Act 1935 provide reservation for women in provincial legislature?
Why is Erdogan considered to be a dictator?
Which Indian government officer job has minimum political influence?
Should India break up Uttar Pradesh into smaller states for better governance?
How do you get all government files about yourself?
How can the government combat undeclared work?
Why is an autocratic government better than a democratic government for economic growth?
How do government tenders work in the UAE, and can foreign nationals bid on them?
What is the life of a banker like, post demonetization move by the government?
As Texas continues to grow into one of the most populous and one of the most economically powerful states in the Union, is it wise for our state government to continue to employ such a politically weak governor?
Does the Pakistani government have any control over F.A.T.A?
How would you turn your country into a complete dictatorship?
With center-right governments being elected worldwide, what changes do you forsee for people around the world?
How much infrastructure investment did the Australian government commit in the decade after the Howard government, and what were they spent on?
What is the best way to exposed the government?
Why doesn't the government do more to fight multiculturalism?
What is not a power of the federal government?
If you have accepted the idea that some degree of a government-funded safety net is inevitable, is there some version that will do less damage?
What is the best SBI house loan scheme for a government employee?
How could a dictator take power in a previously democratic country with minimal resistance?
Why isn’t the union government increasing the number of posts for IAS? After all, it would help in the development of the country.
What is the most complicated title ever held by a nobleman?
Why is Obamacare premium rising inspite of government providing subsidies?
Why are European economies, governments and people struggling so much with the digital revolution?
Should the Texas state government continue to use the same plural executive power structure to prevent any single member of the executive branch from becoming too powerful?
How should I prepare to get a government job after passing 12th?
How can you become a government employee?
What steps have the government taken with regard to the leaking of Aadhaar card details?
What happens if no parties can agree on a governing coalition in Germany?
Why is the Indian government not taking action against Pakistan?
How and why has Arvind Kejriwal changed?
What are the legislative powers of the president?
What will happen if people refuse to cooperate with the government worldwide?
The BJP in Chhattisgarh has failed to solve the Naxalite problem even after 13 years of ruling. Is it time to change the state government?
How can partisan gerrymandering be avoided in a modern democracy?
What is your best advice to poor nations? What should their governments and people be focusing on the most?
Will the Indian government privatize BSNL?
Assume that the government injects 100 million into the economy. What impact would you expect on GDP given that the marginal propensity to consume is 0.8? Why?
What would it have been like if the Europeans had followed the First Nations’ way of government?
Why are Republican states trying to reduce the federal government when they are the most dependent on the federal government
What are the pros and cons of the FCRA (foreign contributions to the political parties) amendments proposed by the Modi government?
How can the government fight against the issue of aging population?
Could someone get in legal trouble if they bred a plant that has the same effects as an illegal drug?
If the United States government was overthrown, what's the likely way it would play out?
Why are governments allowed to spy on people, but I'm not?
What are modern day examples of Judicial Review in the US Government?
Why don't the Indian government subsidize big budget movies like Bahuballi?
How do I get an unemployed youth stipend from the Tamil Nadu government?
In a parliamentary system, why is the "government" considered a separate entity from the parliament?
Should Christians obey rules outside of government?
Is India a liberal state or a successful democracy?
Did the British government betray Zimbabwe on the land issue?
Can civic engagement enhance the quality of government?
Why do government sector banks and public sector companies spend on advertisements in metro trains or public offices?
What are the achievements of the Modi government in the last four years?
Does a central government department require a CST registration?
How would the Chinese government react if Vietnam decided to promote democracy and become an American ally?
Are there any good cardiologists near Saket or in NCR at a private or government hospital?
What established the federal system of government in Australia?
In what ways can a government change after a different political party wins an election?
Why is the federal government in the health care business?
What is the defining characteristic of a federal system of government?
What are the upcoming jobs that the Modi government is going to release? Which engineering branch will they be related to?
If true Socialism has never been implemented, as many Socialists say, isn't it a huge coincidence that all governments that tried to implement it failed?
Should 2019 be the government of Modi, and will this government give any benefit to India?
What should the Nigerian state and federal governments do for Nigeria to truly become an economic superpower in Africa and in the world?
Is there anyone in the Indian government who's taking India's water problems seriously?
Do you believe that government intervention in prices is important to protect American businesses?
Do you have a positive impression about your government overall?
What should we do if government servants will not serve us according to our needs?
What would be 100% capitalist system like without any government?
What kind of government was there before democracy in India?
Should I quit my job if it was at a corrupt government in a corrupt country?
How intolerable is India under the Modi government?
What are the functions of the legislative branch?
Why did the Modi government stop all the vacancies, like SAIL (AE), Railway (SSE)?
What happened in the Russian government between 1920 and 1922?
What is the rationale behind “All government spending is a tax”?
What kind of government programs does Germany have that deal with poverty?
What is the future of Nigerian government under the current president?
What is the government like in China?
Why doesn’t the government ban Chinese food imports like plastic rice, artificially prepared eggs, etc. rather than warning people not to each such things?
Why is it important to apply the democratic principles to the governance of corporations?
Is a Delhi police employee a central government civilian employee?
If I became president of a very corrupt country and wanted to run it like a business, what systems could I set in place to help me deter corruption?
What are the constraints stopping the Indian government from acting strongly against Pakistan’s continual threats?
What are the changes today's government has brought in our country?
What form of government is the speciality of India?
Why isn't the Indian government taking action against the Hurriyat, despite knowing that Pak's ISI is fueling and funding the unrest in Kashmir?
What are the various schemes of the Madhya Pradesh government and the central government to financially help those willing to do business?
How can access to more information be bad for democracy?
What are the modern-day examples of federalism in the US government?
What is petticoat government?
Why were both political parties so keen on dumping their leader while in government in the 10 years after the Howard government?
Had Congress never played dirty games to topple the elected government? Is Congress so honest?
Why is there always chaos in Kashmir when a BJP government is in power?
Why do governments have difficulty giving their people large cash grants to better survive instead of spending on wasteful projects?
How can government do changes in current education system?
If a congressman turns off phones paid for by the U.S. government and normally answered by government employees, is that criminal misuse of funds?
What are some steps that the government can implement to stop rape?
Why are governments not keeping track of their citizens abroad to check the ISIS menace?
Why has Narendra Modi’s government not yet repealed the Right to Education Law?
How did the Australian public service change in the years since the fall of the Howard government?
Why did nothing ever happen after the 2001 National Press Club disclosure by 21 retired government employees about the reality of UFOs?
What percentage of the State Bank of India’s shares does the government own?
Why do most economists believe​ that post-demonetization GDP facts by the Modi government have been altered?
What's your experience of the Indian Government's website/app on governance (MyGov/NaMo)?
What do you think was the most significant policy change after the Howard government (preferably not regarding refugees)?
What conditions or measures would encourage there to be a greater amount of whistleblowers in the US government?
What steps should be taken by the government and by the youth themselves to eradicate 'youth unemployment' from India (from 2017 onwards)?
Has the US government ever interfered with the elections in a foreign country?
If a winged human or angel were spotted today, how would the public and government react?
How good is the Modi government at silencing the public?
If you could make any political reform in any country right now, which country would it be and what would you change?
What is the role of a government entrepreneur?
What are the limitations that Indian democracy suffers?
If the world is under a one world government, can it get rid of primordialism, racism, ageism, ethnocentrism?
What is a federal system of government and what are some examples?
Why direct democracy is obsolete today?
Should the Modi government support the policy of Reservation in Promotion?
What are the side-effects of liberty and freedom?
Democracy always lead to capitalism. Is this true? If yes then how?
Why did the Modi government not take any action against the accused named in the Panama papers?
What would be the most effective way to ignite a revolution against the American government?
Which article of the Constitution of India allows for the government to take over of private enterprises at will?
What are the causes to the failure of democracy and oligarchy?
What are the functions of a governing board of an NGO?
How credible are the NTIS (National Technical Information Service) U.S. government research reports?
Should politicians who advocate for war, be required to send their own children to the front-lines?
Is homosexuality illegal in most Muslim countries (if not all)? Is it because of the religion or because of the countries or governments themselves?
Why is a government ruled by judges extremely rare?
What's a government position that you would like to fill?
What should be in the top most priority of Government of India to fix in the current set of law or the constitution?
How can I get government projects for my NGO in India?
In what event is the seniority of a directly recruited person in a government job lost?
Can any of our French Quorans please translate this image of the different governmental structures for me?
What do you think about the latest permission of the central government for hydrocarbon projects in four districts of Tamil Nadu?
What steps should be taken by the Indian government to stop the attacks on foreign women visitors?
Why don't the opposition join hands in finding solutions to problems rather than criticising the ruling governments?
When will we have a government that does not adopt minority appeasement as the only method to gain advantage?
What is the ideal relationship between people and government?
How is your government helping in Libya and what are their future plans for Argentina?
Do you get any help from the government to start an agricultural business if you are not a farmer from the Gujarat government?
What are the incentives for taking over the world?
What is the meaning of democracy when you have a treaty with a dictator, and you implement it for the general people?
Why did the British government build the Indian Railways system?
Why do we vote for democracy and capitalism but expect 'equality' and healthcare from the state?
What is democracy like in the modern world?
What are the different forms of government around the world?
Is the Portuguese Government good?
What is a nodal government agency?
In light of the present American political scene, how is democracy 'the government of the people, by the people and for the people'?
Is Narendra Modi planning to form a government in Delhi by overthrowing the current government?
Which Indian City can never be clean despite Swacch Bharat initiatives taken by the government?
Why is the government still silent regarding the Kashmir issue?
Is there any policy which abolishes reservation in government jobs?
If you say that Modi’s government is doing its work properly, then why isn’t it completing its promise to the young voters?
How does government support conferences and exhibitions?
How do the poor experience political democracy in India?
What's your opinion on how Modi's government has handled the issue of judicial appointments?
Do people realise that food banks are provided by the church and not subsidised by the government?
What are the chances of the U.S. government changing the age of adulthood from 18 to 21?
Is the Indian government so corrupt that due to its pressure, the CBI tries to accuse whistleblowers?
Does secularism contradict the federal structure of the Indian republic?
Does the Chinese government really have better long-term visions than other governments elsewhere in Asia?
Are the citizens in Portugal pleased with their government?
Why hasn't USA annexed Puerto Rico yet? Now with Puerto Rico's financial problems, will it join the Union?
Do American people realize what their government has done to world?
Does the Constitution contain provisions that preserved slavery?
Why does government privatise PSUs when they make so much profit?
Is the Chinese government really dangerous?
If you were tricked into signing a petition for a city referendum, how do you make sure your signature is not counted?
Why did the government not take action regarding Kasmiri Pandit?
Does our own lack of personal responsibility create the need to be governed?
If the US had a Nazi government at present, would there be a strong enough coalition to stop it from world domination?
What are the four objectives of corporate governance?
Will Indian Muslims be happy under an Islamic government in India or instead under a secular and democratic government?
Should the Philippines move to a federalist form of government and why?
For institutions, politicians, and individual citizens, what are the challenges to democracy that happen every single day, large and small?
Which congresspeople voted against the Saving American Democracy Amendment?
Why does the Russian government seem to want to destabilize global politics?
How will creating a school political party involving communism affect my outside life?
How is Pakistan now practicing democracy instead of military rule?
Why do governments not encourage vigilantes?
What is the importance of direct democracy?
Why is the government planning to change the financial year from April to January?
Why can't anyone see the government’s corruption?
How did American and Soviet democracy differ?
Why is the central government imposing Hindi on South India?
What are some easily available government facilities/ rights/ app/ for the developing India that people never knew exist?
How much does the US government spend on drug enforcement? How would this change with drug legalization?
Why do we have to give details of our schools/colleges, etc. in the attestation form for government jobs ?
What would the world’s governments do if I had immortality?
What is the difference between unitary form of Government and Federal government?
How would it be to have a government controlled by software?
Why is government not making BIM mandatory in India like our countries did in world?
Why is the American government against Pakistan?
Will private citizens have the same access to justice technology as government forces in the future?
What is the reason the BJP government has reduced vacancies and so made much delay in various central state government job recruitments?
What is the rule of three in the government?
Why does the Indian government do nothing to prevent tax evasion and money laundering in the Indian movie industry?
Now that WikiLeaks has been exposed as a tool of Russian intelligence/cyberwarfare, when will Western governments take action to shut it down?
Why do some people think contrails are chemicals dumped in the air from our government?
How do people who work for corrupted governments steal money? Is it so easy?
The formation of the BJP government in Assam was seen as a game change -has anything changed on the ground?
Which branch should I prefer for a government job?
What are the incentives provided by the government to the farmers?
How can monopolies be eliminated without government?
Is there a document that was released by the government on the merger of CMPFO and EPFO?
Did you ever think that our government is causing our depression?
Why have the citizens of India become so impatient? They glorify and criticize the government after each incident.
Why do Democrats think it helps the poor for the government to take people's money and merely talk about how much the money might help the poor?
Are direct PhD holders eligible to become lecturers in government colleges?
A government official is asking us for a bribe, how do I deal with him?
Who are the Kashmir separatists, and why is the government providing so much security?
What are the formations of local elections?
What fictional government is most evil?
Can a marriage certificate with a photo issued by the state government be used as ID proof on domestic airlines?
What is a data governance operating model?
What is the best photograph of government corruption?
Why is the government digging mass graves?
How can I juxtapose the difference between government and governance?
How would the military respond if the US government was infiltrated?
What is the data governance operating model procedure?
What are examples of government failure?
Can culture contribute to poor governance?
Why doesn't the government take action against the RSS group's activities?
What are the causes of exercising control over Business by the Government (of India)?
What are the most impactful ways I can influence sustainability measures from my local commerce, and my municipal, provincial/state, federal government?
Why doesn’t the government pass a law to solve all cases, either criminal or civil, within a year or two?
Why isn’t the Indian government taking some strict action on rapists?
How can the minority be protected in a democracy?
If a government prints too many notes or allows excessive borrowing, then why does money loses its value and inflation occurs?
Who do democrats think is more holy, Jesus or the government?
What will happen if the Indian central government increases the money for development​ to the North East while decreasing the amount given to the J & K?
Does the U.S. government have a plan for a robot uprising?
Why is the government only able to catch a marginal about counterfeit bills?
Do parliamentary systems tend to lead to party rule rather than legislative governance?
What could be some of the long-term results of a law that prohibits anyone with an income above $500,000 from holding a government office? Does it help with corruption?
How best can you describe the vertical distribution of power in the government?
What might happen to countries if they suddenly let young people in their thirties run the government and even be presidents and prime ministers?
Are we going toward a world government?
What do you know or think about Nigerian government and the governed?
Why are Americans so obedient towards their government? Why don't they ever go on strike?
Will India develop fast if it becomes dictatorial under our respectful prime minister?
Why is OROP only implemented with Indian soldiers and not to other government officials in the post office, railways, etc.?
How do Americans justify that democracy is the system every country should implement when the democracy in their country could easily be compromised?
What is a government's fundamental plan of operation?
Why isn’t the BJP government of Assam not as proactive as the other BJP governments?
Where did the story of Indigenous Australians getting free cars from the government come from?
Why hasn't Canada federalized all the national highways into a federal system guaranteeing a uniform experience for all drivers across provinces?
Why do some European governments not use the best practice and benchmarking methods to improve their governance?
Why are the Chinese so successful despite being deprived of government assistance from the Malaysian government?
Do developing nations have spies within the US government typically?
Are there any countries with democracies that are getting stronger?
Why does the government help small businesses?
What would happen if a world government declared a nation’s government so corrupt it was found to be "Criminally Insane"?
Where does the money/gold seized by government agencies get accounted for and spent?
Would space exploration benefit if the government got out of the way and left it to the private industry?
Is the NDA government doing well? I mean, what has it done in the last 3 years?
Are central government​ employees​ who are under probation​ eligible for trekking leave?
Why do NGOs seem have good ideas for solving world problems than most governments?
Would a governor be addressed orally as "Mr./Madam Governor" or "Governor"?
Does democracy breed weak and ineffectual leaders?
Which government body should I call if I got fake/duplicate whiskey?
What are some words or expression that refer to the illicit relationship between governments and private companies?
Is the Chinese government challenging the notion that democracy is the best governing system?
Are the Amma canteens in Tamil Nadu and the proposed Annapurna canteens in UP, a sign of good governance?
What measures can be taken by the Indian government to make India up to par or closer to the rest of the world in terms of technology?
Is there a some kind of restriction that governs all laws made? Or is there no limitation other than what it might do to the suits' public image?
Can IAS officers implement new schemes without the consent of the government?
Is all democracy oligarchy in nature?
Do Americans feel that the 2nd Amendment could stop a 'corrupt and abusive government'?
Why should hillbilly states like Alabama and Kansas have the same congressional representation as larger civilized states?
Why is democracy popular?
Why do governments spend so much resources and energy to fight inflation?
Are Quiverfull Christians a threat to democracy? After generations of exponential population, could they overwhelm ballots and institute theocracy?
Why is a big government good?
What are the benefits of the SAMPADA scheme that was launched by the government? Also, what is the current status of its approval?
What should I do with my inherited knowledge of the Russian language? I have never used it that much.
How is the BJP/Modi government fooling people?
When will Cartosat-3 data be launched for execution of government projects like NUIS and DILRMP?
Do authoritarian regimes such as Russia or China tend to have more experienced and wise foreign secretaries than democracies such as America?
Why is it important to get Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac out of government ownership?
Which government organisation in India (specifically government banks like SBI) provides 100% medical reimbursement for family members?
Which is closer to a dictatorship - the Labour or Conservative Party?
If a libertarian document like the US constitution could not prevent slavery, should an attempt to limit the government be considered futile?
What do you think of "Unacknowledged," the new documentary movie on UFOs and the U.S. government cover-up by Dr. Greer?
Why is the Indian government not aiding Hindu organizations?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of the parliamentary system of government in India?
My college is asking 20k for degree certificates of B.Tech, but I don’t want to. What should I do? Shall I approach media or any government official?
How can democracy best be protected?
How does the judiciary branch have control over the executive branch?
Given the difficulty of interpreting government acts, i.e., summarizing content and impact of bills, is it surprising that commentators disagree?
Where should I start when learning about the United States government?
Why are Nigerians regarded as the most corrupt nation in the world?
Would replacing the US federal government with androids solve our problems?
Can the future cities project in India help the Indian government to rapidly modernize the military, since they will get a good amount of money from it?
Who owns "Ofcom" and is it free from the government influences?
What is an anocracy?
What type of economic system is most supported by economists?
How does the US government manage to take some random guys on an EDV basis?
Is the government confused about economic policies and the promises they are making?
Who all puts their minds to drafting new policies in the Indian government?
Why doesn’t the government try to update the law according to the present time?
Why does Matthew Bates support less power at the federal level and more at the state level?
Can I file a PIL against the party based democracy and its working by giving my views that partyless democracy works better?
Why do the security guards carry suppressed assault rifles outside of the government buildings?
How can you make a better government system than the best ones in the world today?
Can I use earphones in central government offices while working the night shift?
Could someone build a corporation that is able to influence/alter a government decision?
Which was the first country to form a democratic government?
What makes some people steal from their government?
Why aren’t international organisations paying attention to religious intolerance by the Islamist Malaysian government?
What if the Kerala government decides to ignore the SC order to reinstate T.P. Senkumar as the SPC?
The Maharashtra government has not spent 42% of budgetary provisions, so what's the use of budgets and provisions?
What is a pardon in government?
Was there ever a small game created by the government to give people clues to help solve diseases?
What are some fresh ways a government could raise revenue?
How do fake markets, like in Shanghai or even New York, exist? And how do they import the fake stuff? Why does the government nothing against it?
Why did Communism fail in almost every country where it was adopted? What is it about Communism that makes way for dictatorships?
Why is the central government unable to handle the Kashmir issue even though they are part of the JK-led state government?
No objection certificate is required for a central govt employee before getting a passport, correct?
Why does the government care more for physical maturity than mental maturity?
Which has more impact on the economy, lowering taxes or increasing government spending?
What is the world's largest administrative/government database?
How can we draw the attention of the government towards fake begging communities who are exploiting kids for their own greed?
What stops any president from commanding the army to hold all other branches of the US government hostage to gain total control over the government?
Can the Sarpanch of the Gram Panchayat be superseded?
The 7th CPC Allowance has been approved by the central government. Are BSNL employees qualified for this allowance?
How difficult is it to get a government job while working in the private sector?
Does the Chinese government give money to the aged on a monthly basis?
How can a corrupt government be fought by a revolution?
If the government fails to hold elected and/or appointed officials accountable for violations, what authority prevails to do so?
What can African governments & ordinary citizens do to stop desertification?
What does Pakistan have to fear from the Indian Government and its people?
How is studying agriculture at some government college?
What are the main purposes of the legislature branch, executive branch, and judiciary branch? Why are they important to the democratic government?
What are some possible pit falls of accepting investment from government and private?
Is corruption and laws geared toward helping the rich a consequence of the wealthy being in charge of the government?
Is there any public portal where the government provides the rationale behind any policy change it does? If not shouldn't we ask for it?
How would the concept of Lebensbraum be applied in modern governments?
Why do many governments add high taxes to cigarettes?
How can we improve the bureaucracy in Portugal or Brazil?
Why do socialist governments suppress freedom of speech more than other governments?
Is there a country which follows Islamic principles of governance that can be considered a success in the modern world?
Is healthcare an entitlement?
How should Government deal with open Nalas/Drains/streams that are passing through the city?
Should politicians who advocate for war, be required to send their own children to the front-lines?
How much does a scientist in the government earn?
What are modern day examples of the separation of powers in the US government?
How many government agencies are there in the Philippines?
Which country was the first to have a democracy?
Which is the best circle online for giving government feedback on LED subsidy?
How can some make illegal money in a government funded IT project?
Is z+ security government approved?
What are the good things that BJP-led central government has inherited from its predecessor, the UPA government?
What are the incentives for taking over the world?
How are government welfare schemes implemented in India from the centre to the village level?
How can governments, especially the British keep telling us terrorism will not change our lives?
What are the main principles of the constitution?
Now that Republicans control the federal government, will they repeal any firearms laws?
What are the benefit of running an open Government?
Where on this earth can I live freely without a government’s control?
What percentage of the population in the United States believes that democracy and republic are antagonist notions?
What benefits do people with disabilities get from the government in India?
What are some dissertation topics on corporate governance?
On what points should the Indian government work on to become a leader of first-world countries?
How do we get passport renewal NOC from a government organization if the employee is currently suspended and under departmental inquiry?
Why does the Indian government fail to catch bad people who live in foreign countries?
What is the Modi government's stance against mass layoffs in the IT industry?
How long does it take to receive survivors’ benefits from the US government?
Are the citizens in Portugal pleased with their government?
Is there any way to know if the government is spying on me?
Why did the government not take action regarding Kasmiri Pandit?
Why were governments formed?
In what circumstances would the federal government hire a felon?
What were the best policies of the previous Congress government, in comparison to the current BJP government?
What is Bolivia's type of government?
Why can't anyone see the government’s corruption?
What happens to government officials or agents abroad if a country collapses?
Does the government provide funds to young startups in the educational field?
What steps have the government taken to improve the condition of construction workers?
Which branch should I prefer for a government job?
How can a free democracy protect itself from the deep state?
What is the in-hand salary of a government TGT teacher? How will it increase?
What are the recent evidences of existence of a one world government/Illuminati/shadow government?
What could Malaysia government do to increase the public safety?
Is communism reviving?
Is India's relatively stable democracy one of the greatest political miracles of all time?
What is bad about democracy?
Would it be possible to turn the USA to a dictatorship, if possible how?
What are some measures being taken by African governments to combat Wildlife poaching?
Can I open 2 NPS accounts in government service?
Why does Indian government put restrictions on import of gold?
Is there any evidence that a Head of Government, negotiating with a foreign power, is strengthened when they have a large majority in the legislature?
What is the purpose of a unitary government?
Which steps could be taken by the government in order to reduce the consumption of a product that is harmful to our health?
Can culture contribute to poor governance?
Why is an autocratic government better than a democratic government for economic growth?
What are some examples of a unitary state?
What if Mexico was the fascist dictatorship that started World War II?
Who do democrats think is more holy, Jesus or the government?
Why doesn't the government do more to fight multiculturalism?
How are autocracy and democracy alike?
Why is the BJP government keen on suppressing the Keezhadi Archaeological site research?
What are some examples of wasteful government expenditures?
Why is OROP only implemented with Indian soldiers and not to other government officials in the post office, railways, etc.?
Why did the BJP government fall?
Are there any countries with democracies that are getting stronger?
What do you call a failure of government to efficiently allocate resources?
Why do "Government Employees" scuttle the procedures while getting the things done in stipulated period?
How does the UDAN scheme of the Union Government work?
Why don't the Indian government subsidize big budget movies like Bahuballi?
How do I get an unemployed youth stipend from the Tamil Nadu government?
In companies and governments, why do we have one person at the top rather than a group?
How probable is the fact that governments anti-tobacco campaign is a well prepared cover up of an excuse for this huge and growing tax revenue source?
How can I fight against the administration?
What are the operational differences between a crown corporation and a government corporation/ministry?
Is Israel a model democracy?
How will the government make sure a composition firm in GST regime is actually liable for composition scheme and not regular tax scheme?
Has a government funded programs that explore precognition in human beings?
Why should hillbilly states like Alabama and Kansas have the same congressional representation as larger civilized states?
Are we going to see an unexpected move from Indian Government to handle Pakistan, in couple of days?
Since macroeconomic models cannot predict the future, are they then just rationalizations of government and business decisions?
How is seniority of a state/central government employee decided and is there any special provision for the Police Department?
Why does Austria have a federal system of government despite being small?
How can hackers crash economies, destroy governments and bring society to its knees?
Did Loyalist paramilitaries obtain weapons from foreign governments?
Is Bharat Sevak Samaajh (BSS) a government organization? Does having a job at BSS mean you are a government employee?
What are the sources of income for the government of an undeveloped country?
Why isn’t the Indian government taking any action against the growing population?
How has government intervention improved the quality and price of healthcare in the US since the 1950's?
What happened in the Russian government between 1920 and 1922?
What type of economic system is most supported by economists?
How can I contact the head of the Indian government?
What can be the impact of a really good speech delivered by a federal government official?
Why is it important to apply the democratic principles to the governance of corporations?
Why doesn't the government make it illegal for the misuse of antibiotics in slaughterhouses? They’re creating superbugs while feeding us crap.
What are the milestone changes that were made by the NaMo government on business in India?
What is the demand of government bus drivers in Tamil Nadu?
Would children be dissuaded from buying hash and other narcotics if the government said it can be legally purchased in large quantities?
Can the state government (or) individual ministries provide tax benefits for receiving CSR donations?
How is appointment by president different from appointment by central government?
Is it possible that alternative forms of communism would work? Can you think of similar approaches?
What does government and politics mean to you?
What is democracy? What are its characteristics?
How does [can] the Russian government influence foreign elections?
Why do we need a legislative council?
Is it necessary for an Anglo-Indian to be a resident of a concerned state to be nominated as a member of their legislative council?
How do governments compete?
Can a government employee do trading in India?
Why does the government care more for physical maturity than mental maturity?
Do people have the government they deserve?
What is community government?
Does Trump have no shame for firing a good man like Comey?
Why is the government not implementing rainwater harvesting projects on a national scale, in order to deal with water shortages?
What is the unitary system of government characterized for?
Which article of the Constitution of India allows for the government to take over of private enterprises at will?
Would billionaires exist without the aid of government regulation?
How strong is the correlation between national secularism and government corruption?
Do you think the Indian parliamentary system​ needs to be scrapped?
What are the conditions for generating a government electrical license?
Is ISBF Delhi a government institute?
What are the key achievements of the Modi government after three years in power?
What types of problems can the state government resolve?
What steps should be taken by the Indian government to stop the attacks on foreign women visitors?
How does privatization of government agencies work?
Why did the British government build the Indian Railways system?
What are the top 5 competencies that are necessary to be a CPA in the government?
Is the US government still in a state of emergency?
Which has more control over Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland: the Westminster government or the devolved governments?
What is the government doing to promote entrepreneurship in Kenya?
Can a government employ take the study leave?
Is the Philippines an oligarchy?
What form of government would you like to have in your country?
Exactly what constitutes treason? Is foreign government hacking not a form of warfare?
Does KV give admission for the students whose fathers are not government employees?
Why does government privatise PSUs when they make so much profit?
Why can't the government give more power to IAS officers over politicians?
Why has the central government in India been given more power than state governments?
Why does FARC rebel against the Colombian government?
Who has the power in communism?
Is there any scope of an interior designer in government sector?
What can we learn about life from pragmatic governments?
Why do governments borrow money instead of printing it?
Whats Martial law?
What is one of the most prominent mistakes made by a government official in the United States?
Why are Indians addicted to government jobs?
How different is the democracy between Indonesia and Norway?
What role should governments play in investing in startups?
Why is cash printed by governments?
If I travelled back in time 20 years to the past and got stuck, how would I prove my identity to a government?
Will the Indian Government privatize Oil India?
Under what authority could the Governor-General of India annex a state under the Doctrine of Lapse?
Which government authorities are responsible for setting a plant?
Why does the Indian government not take any steps against separatists?
Do government entities arise from citizen demand for more government?
How do I get a Central OBC Certificate for a Central Govt. Recruitment post online? What are the procedures needed for an offline post if the online option is unavailable?
Why can't the government selling liquor to citizens be challenged in court?
Why have the citizens of India become so impatient? They glorify and criticize the government after each incident.
What can government agencies, private companies, and individuals do to alleviate global warming?
Who is getting the highest salary in the Government of India?
Is the government of India running any scheme for English?
Is the Indian government showing a very lenient attitude towards the Pakistani government?
How can you seek help from the USA government?
What type of government would an advanced extra terrestrial species have in place?
How can liberal progressives make a case for more government intervention in our lives and at the same time hate the president?
Why was the Qing government so hated?
How can I know if a person (say, Mr. A) currently works for the Federal government?
What is the minimum amount of time that has been observed to implement an infrastructure with government support in a corrupted country?
How can governments properly assess whether their Countering Violent Extremism (CVE) programs work?
How important is change in life and in governance (politics)?
What is the best way to exposed the government?
Why doesn't our government use forts and palaces as a workplace?
What do you think of the government of Armenia?
What is the correlation between prosperity of the economy and form of government?
How can you become a government employee?
How would you appraise your current government?
What would Plato have thought of US democracy today?
Why is there a slowdown in the market even when BJP's central government is providing facilities?
How good is the performance of yogi government?
Why is the MP government banning lifting sand from rivers?
Should Canadians lecture Americans more about the government and the awful behavior towards Canadians?
What are modern day examples of Judicial Review in the US Government?
What will be the impact of the tax cut by the American government on Indian markets?
How do you rate the performance of the Modi government after 3 years?
If you needed a legal agreement between you and someone else, what do you need to do?
Which are the government jobs in medical?
Do Iranians support an American invasion to overthrow their dictator government and establish a democratic republic?
Is the Chinese government challenging the notion that democracy is the best governing system?
Why do government sector banks and public sector companies spend on advertisements in metro trains or public offices?
How do the 3 different forms of government work?
How would the Chinese government react if Vietnam decided to promote democracy and become an American ally?
How can I contact people in government and/or policymaking positions to interview them for my thesis in economics?
What established the federal system of government in Australia?
What brought an end to the Taiwanese dictatorship?
What is the defining characteristic of a federal system of government?
What's the real aim of the Chinese government’s restriction in selling and buying houses?
How does Olson’s logic of collective action explain why democracy can be reverted to authoritarian rule?
Why is it important to get Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac out of government ownership?
Do you have a positive impression about your government overall?
If a libertarian document like the US constitution could not prevent slavery, should an attempt to limit the government be considered futile?
How does the government track me online?
Can you critically analyse the Modi government's performance?
How can democracy best be protected?
What are the best methods IAS officers should adopt and the government should implement to protect the officers from life threats?
When will there be a time when a state or the government issues visas to your country of choice to avoid poverty, unemployment, and prejudice?
I lose thousands of dollars a year in federal, state, and local taxes. Isn't that money better than anything the government could promise to give me?
Where is direct democracy possible?
Can government ask a PSU employee to leave its constitutionally provided reservation?
How is a new government made?
Are there any faults at all under the Modi government?
Does anyone still feel that a congressional government is better than the current Modi Sarkar government? Why?
Why were both political parties so keen on dumping their leader while in government in the 10 years after the Howard government?
Could someone build a corporation that is able to influence/alter a government decision?
If people’s individual rights are protected by the government, is it the people's responsibility to protect the people from structural violence?
Why is limited government considered good?
Are there any corporations owned by multiple governments?
Is the lottery really just another giant scheme that the government conjured up to help line their pockets?
How do fake markets, like in Shanghai or even New York, exist? And how do they import the fake stuff? Why does the government nothing against it?
How did the Australian public service change in the years since the fall of the Howard government?
Does the Chinese government give money to the aged on a monthly basis?
What conditions or measures would encourage there to be a greater amount of whistleblowers in the US government?
What has the Indian government done to improve in-flight services provided by Air India?
Which government has more corrupt politicians in it, NDA or UPA?
What can African governments & ordinary citizens do to stop desertification?
Can India afford to have a benevolent dictatorship to solve its internal problems?
Can an employee of a government organisation claim tax benefits under section 80E?
Why is the Indian government not talking about unification of rivers?
Can a government employee buy a truck for commercial use?
What would the UK be like under a Green Party government?
Which central government departments are covered under the Central Health Service Scheme?
Given so much spying and surveillance, how embassies exchange highly secret messages to their home country/government?
In what event is the seniority of a directly recruited person in a government job lost?
Will Tory's abolition of school lunches lose them votes?
Do you think that an alien invasion is the only thing that could ultimately lead to a one world government?
Who will decide if a nation can follow a presidential system or parliamentary system?
Why do we vote for democracy and capitalism but expect 'equality' and healthcare from the state?
Do the profits earned by companies owned by Vijay Mallya go to the government banks now? If not, then why?
In what countries does the government have access to bank accounts in the form of a central register? Why is it supposed to serve?
Why doesn’t Mexico do what Venezuela is doing to its government, by taking up arms and fighting the corruption head-on in the streets?
Do people realise that food banks are provided by the church and not subsidised by the government?
What are the mistakes of the present central government?
How do people from other countries view Americans? Do you understand that the actions of the government are not always what the citizens want?
Can the government make any law which proves necessary for any ongoing case?
Is it possible to work sincerely at a government job?
Will Facebook be regulated? What would regulation look like?
What is the impact of governmental institutions in society?
Is our government doing enough to search for new oil reserves in all three of the Indian administered water bodies?
How much does the US government spend on drug enforcement? How would this change with drug legalization?
How can a politician who didn't win the election still become a minister in the government?
How will the states be able to manage Medicaid much better than the federal government, with lower costs and less waste, fraud, and abuse?
How does influence group affect government policy?
Can a government servant take leave in continuation of a tour abroad?
What should I look for in a private psychiatrist that isn't government affiliated & corrupt?
Why would some people discourage freebies from the government, but not from corporations (as in JIO)?
What was the British government's reaction to the long term success of the United States following American Independence?
Do you think that our government employees are overpaid? Do you think that limiting their salaries to a more reasonable amount could help bring this country’s budget back in line?
What would you do if your government took no income tax?
How do you feel about A White Man's Government?
How can the government lower spending?
Why is the Thai government so concerned with their King being shown in a crop top?
What can the federal government of Nigeria do to empower the local governments to create development?
With all the past problems and current problems with the RCMP, why doesn't the government just disband the organization?
Which type of government is suitable for India-left, right, authoritarian or liberal?
What is the data governance operating model procedure?
What would happen if there appeared a 750,000 square mile nation populated entirely by Quorans?
What do socialists think about government bonds?
What is the NDA government doing to curb slow job growth and unemployment?
Is China now trying to become a bigger terrorist than the US government?
Can states separate in a federal country?
Why is the government only able to catch a marginal about counterfeit bills?
Where can I find a database of names of UK/US citizens for my research on names & religion? Would it be in a public domain, or are there any hacks?
Is NIFT a semi government institution?
What is the best SBI house loan scheme for a government employee?
What could be some of the long-term results of a law that prohibits anyone with an income above $500,000 from holding a government office? Does it help with corruption?
Should citizens give their governments unconditional support even when they commit war crimes and crimes against humanity?
Why are Americans so obedient towards their government? Why don't they ever go on strike?
Is NEEPCO software government based?
Why is the Indian government not taking action against Pakistan?
Does the government use fluoride in water to control its population?
How and why has Arvind Kejriwal changed?
Will there always be dictatorships?
What is Irish democracy?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of a constitutional republic?
How many factions are there within the US government (not just in Congress but in all other various agencies)?
What is the shortest and best Definitions of institution?
Can an IT startup company get a government project?
What would happen if a world government declared a nation’s government so corrupt it was found to be "Criminally Insane"?
How can one best determine the likelihood that politicians will govern well, whatever their political persuasions?
Will the BJP government force us to stand for the Mahishmatti anthem in the future?
What is the average compensation for a general (all stars) in any of the four major branches (army, navy, marines, air force) of the U.S. military?
What is the difference between the goals of a government manager and a public office manager?
According to you, which form of government could Quora be, if Quorans ever need a Quoran government?
Is there a term for wanting adverse events to occur to prove a point?
Is there a some kind of restriction that governs all laws made? Or is there no limitation other than what it might do to the suits' public image?
Is it possible for Governement to start Intra-state flights in India for states like Punjab?
Why doesn't the Himachal Pradesh Congress government legalise homosexuality in their state before the next state assembly elections?
What are the benefits of the SAMPADA scheme that was launched by the government? Also, what is the current status of its approval?
If the Central Government makes laws, do they apply to every citizen of the country or just the people of the union territories?
Why is the Indian government not aiding Hindu organizations?
Given the difficulty of interpreting government acts, i.e., summarizing content and impact of bills, is it surprising that commentators disagree?
What do you think it will take to establish a stable government in Ethiopia?
According to Awdhesh Singh, which is better, communism or democracy?
Why hasn’t the Indonesian government taken down pirated movie stalls?
Does the Pakistan government brainwash its people?
What are the constraints stopping the Indian government from acting strongly against Pakistan’s continual threats?
Why is the Indian economy sinking under the Modi government?
What government services and jobs could be easily automated today?
Would it be advisable to invest in the Philippines especially under the new government?
Should India think about transforming the country's government from a parliamentary system to an executive presidency?
Why did nothing ever happen after the 2001 National Press Club disclosure by 21 retired government employees about the reality of UFOs?
Do any of you feel that local government should be more prominent than federal government?
Is it worse for the government to limit the number of children a person can have or to force women to carry unwanted pregnancies to term?
What stops any president from commanding the army to hold all other branches of the US government hostage to gain total control over the government?
What would our world be like if government did not exist?
How did extreme nationalism lead to an age of dictatorship?
If the government fails to hold elected and/or appointed officials accountable for violations, what authority prevails to do so?
How can a corrupt government be fought by a revolution?
What is a federal system of government and what are some examples?
What are the side-effects of liberty and freedom?
If a billionaire created an independent state similar to Rapture in Bioshock, would you sign up?
How can we improve the bureaucracy in Portugal or Brazil?
Why do many governments add high taxes to cigarettes?
Does the government spy on us through electronics? How?
How do government bonds function?
Is the American government going take action apart from sanctioning the terrorist organisation in Pakistan?
Why is democracy preferred as compared to other forms of government?
Why do republicans take more money from the federal government than they pay?
What would America be like under the leadership of Smedley Butler and a fascist government?
Does the state government have the power to change the fiscal year?
Did all progressive change/ideas come from a generation of people taking LSD? And why does no one care that the government was secretly testing it on civilians?
What is the US’s response to Soviet hacking incursions into the elections of various Western democracies?
If you had the chance to reform our government with the snap of a finger, what changes would you make?
When will we have a government that does not adopt minority appeasement as the only method to gain advantage?
While you can't legally get alcohol if you are under 21 at least in some countries, can you give people alcohol who are over 21?
What is the ideal relationship between people and government?
What do you think about your government?
Do we need a universal goverment?
For an engineering graduate over 30 years of age in India, which government jobs are left?
How do the poor experience political democracy in India?
What is the impact on the economy if the government is highly indebted?
What is the government spending our tax money on that we just cannot afford?
Does the government create diseases and flues to weed out the population?
Overall, what do you think about the government's moves to tackle black money?
Did Labour set such a benchmark, with public services and the NHS that no Government can deliver the same standard?
Is it a criminal offense as a government official to lie to the press?
Should there be more transparency in how the Singapore government manages our CPF?
Is it possible to create a house that is protected from demolition?
Do you think protests against government in Serbia has impact on domestic politics?
Is an unauthorized absence-based termination possible in government jobs?
What infrastructural changes has the Indian government done to prevent floods in Mumbai/Chennai after these cities have been affected in the recent past?
Do temples get funding from the government like madrasas?
What is the difference between a republican government and a despotic government?
What if I don't want to subject myself to the government's rules and don't want to be a citizen?
Where and how do you file complaints against an irregular government employee?
How do people from India feel about their government?
Why doesn't China promote its style of government in other countries?
Why isn’t there close monitoring of the working method in government offices in spite of so many complaints from the public?
Is republican a best government looking at USA or rather an ulcer to the citizens?
What is the difference between federal, republic and Democratic?
What is the present pay scale for engineers in the central government cordite factory?
Why don't our government create a better religion?
What are the exact steps that would have to take place for Canada to become a government like the US (President, VP, etc.) as opposed to PM and queen, etc?
When are ITI government online admissions open in Karnataka?
Is the U.S. federal government an efficient and democratic government?
Can the Indian government adopt the same model of health insurance policy as that of the USA? If so, why has it not been adopted yet?
What fictional government is most evil?
Do republicans have any argument except the constitutional one when they say that local government is better than the federal government?
What is the best photograph of government corruption?
Shouldn't Republicans be given a free pass to run the government any way they see fit?
Are you for or against government monitoring? And why?
What salary can you get as an MBBS government doctor?
Working in Apple or a government job, which is better?
Which Indian government officer job has minimum political influence?
If you could build a government from scratch, what system would you try to install?
Why doesn't the government invest in startups?
Is the post office governed by the Congress or by the President?
Why do conservative Republicans want small government control? In what way will this work for the country (as per their perspective)?
What are the benefits of being an Indian government employee?
Will Aman Goel, with his skills and knowledge, work with the Indian government for the overall betterment of the country?
What may the government be hiding?
Do major cities have evacuation plans in case of emergencies?
How should I prepare to get a government job after passing 12th?
Don’t our politicians and administrators have that much guts to send their children to government schools?
Has anyone ever sued the US government over its drug laws?
Is there any chance of the increment of vacancies in the government sector rising in the near future (in the next 6 months)?
Do developing nations have spies within the US government typically?
Would having 18-30-year-old people in government leadership roles benefit a nation?
What if the government developed public grievance cells at each district level to address day-to-day problems of the public?
If the United States government was overthrown, what's the likely way it would play out?
Is UPES a private or government body?
What can our government do to widen the tax net, because very few people pay their taxes?
Is India a transitional or an embedded democracy?
What do Keralites think of the Communist rule? Are they satisfied with the CPI Government?
How are nation states formed when there is conflict and migration?
Is India's trade policy under the Modi government better than that under Manmohan government?
How can I get a government construction license?
What are some words or expression that refer to the illicit relationship between governments and private companies?
Is there no way by which the government departments in India can work in sync?
Why aren’t we hiring only leading scientists for our government and to be in charge?
Why do governments spend so much resources and energy to fight inflation?
What are the undemocratic laws passed and repealed by Indian government?
How many central government exams are held in India in a year?
Has the present form of China's government made life better for the common man?
What are the benefits to anarchy?
Why is Naxalism still active? Why is our government not taking any initiative to end Naxalism?
Which is closer to a dictatorship - the Labour or Conservative Party?
What is local control in a federal state?
What do you think of "Unacknowledged," the new documentary movie on UFOs and the U.S. government cover-up by Dr. Greer?
What should we do if government servants will not serve us according to our needs?
What would be 100% capitalist system like without any government?
My college is asking 20k for degree certificates of B.Tech, but I don’t want to. What should I do? Shall I approach media or any government official?
How intolerable is India under the Modi government?
Why did the Modi government stop all the vacancies, like SAIL (AE), Railway (SSE)?
Do you think the American government should spend more time investigating 7-11?
What kind of government programs does Germany have that deal with poverty?
How did the role of the federal government expand during the Great Depression?
How is a constitutional republic founded?
There have been a lot of government related petitions of late. Can the citizens of a district or State compel a Congressman or Senator in any way?
Does the government give money to NGOs to run their organization?
How could "public governance" curb the rampant corruption that prevails in all the three arms of the government?
What would a UPA government have done about Kulbhushan Jadhav?
How is India being destroyed under BJP government?
What would be a new form of ruling other than democracy?
What is petticoat government?
What if the Kerala government decides to ignore the SC order to reinstate T.P. Senkumar as the SPC?
What are the schemes of government for old age people below poverty line?
Was there ever a small game created by the government to give people clues to help solve diseases?
If Democrats don't think sex is the government's concern, what do they think of the taxpayers funding birth control?
What are some fresh ways a government could raise revenue?
What are the differences between national policy and government policy?
Which business, government or academic organisation has the most PhDs?
Mr. Awdhesh Singh, what if govt. also starts firing people as in pvt. sector based on performance and not give permanent jobs?
How difficult is it to get a government job while working in the private sector?
The 7th CPC Allowance has been approved by the central government. Are BSNL employees qualified for this allowance?
What are the limitations that Indian democracy suffers?
Has Modi’s government and Yogi’s government made any real changes in the life of a ordinary person?
Is corruption and laws geared toward helping the rich a consequence of the wealthy being in charge of the government?
Will the Modi government take serious action against Pakistan?
Can the government be blamed for everything that is happening in India?
Will the GST affect a state government's revenue?
What should be the best speech for democracy?
Why is a government ruled by judges extremely rare?
What do you think about the latest permission of the central government for hydrocarbon projects in four districts of Tamil Nadu?
Why don't the opposition join hands in finding solutions to problems rather than criticising the ruling governments?
Can the government be blamed for everything that is happening in Odisha?
Have the government's accounts of what happened in Roswell in 1947 been confirmed?
How long can a US State reject a law passed by the Federal Government?
If the judicial and legislative branches of the U.S. government are too stupid to figure out Trump's guilt by now, do we really need such incompetence?
Explain how the US Constitution limits the power of government through a separation of powers and a system of checks and balances?
How do government sector organisations hire personal assistants?
What is the nature and importance of federalism?
How does a state government get a loan from RBI?
What will happen if I don't tell the government about my previous passport attempt?
Can a government servant join a political party?
What is the best way to transition from a dictatorship to a true democracy?
What is a data governance program?
Can the state government change SGST Act as per their state requirements?
The Modi government has a lot of schemes, but why is the public not benefiting from them?
What are the type and workings of the Pakistani government?
Will the central government demonetise the ten rupee coin?
Why are Americans so naive to believe in democracy?
Why hasn't USA annexed Puerto Rico yet? Now with Puerto Rico's financial problems, will it join the Union?
What steps has the government taken towards NPA?
What would be needed in a nation for communism to be successful?
When a high security government employee is asked to leave, retire, or is fired does the clearance they have get removed right away?
Is the government scamming us with their formal education?
How is a government made?
What chance does the Green Party have of forming the next government of New Zealand?
How is Pakistan now practicing democracy instead of military rule?
Why isn’t Modi or our government taking any steps against landlords who take money from tenants and never pay tax?
Why are (government and non) "intelligence" agencies called so?
What does the local government do for schools?
Where can I learn what corporations are running Hollywood and the mainstream media outlets, and who the individuals running those corporations are?
What role could AI play in governance?
What type of government does Bhutan have?
We need a Tamil FM station in Bangalore. If the local government does not agree, can the Tamil Nadu government start one in Hosur?
What is the implication of low budget absorption rates by governments?
Why does our government give extra money to MLAs and MPs for their mobile bills, when they can get unlimited calls and internet access for only Rs 400?
Who exactly decided the Brits couldn't have guns, the people or the Parliament?
What is the impact of government spending in the classical model?
What are the benefits of Modi's govt.?
What is the gratuity amount issued by Telangana government if the government employees retiring on superannuation?
How many promises were fulfilled by the BJP government?
How would the military respond if the US government was infiltrated?
How will you solve the Chinese environmental crisis by government prospective?
What are some examples of totalitarian forms of government?
How good is Bocconi's program in international politics and government?
Is there really someone who controls the world's governments?
How can the minority be protected in a democracy?
Which section of the constitutional directs the government to make that policies help to reduce poverty of masses?
Does a person working in the government sector live more happily than a person working in the private sector?
What will happen if the Indian central government increases the money for development​ to the North East while decreasing the amount given to the J & K?
Do parliamentary systems tend to lead to party rule rather than legislative governance?
What are some examples of American government corruption that has damaged the world?
How can the mindset of Indian citizens including government administrators be changed regarding all types of pollution and cleanliness?
What is the major difference between republic and democracy?
Why is the British government "xenophobic”?
Are people correct to criticize Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau for taking selfies instead of governing and making thing happen for Canadians?
How authoritarian is the Chinese government?
Is there any part to synthetic biology that would be illegal to do at this time?
Where did the story of Indigenous Australians getting free cars from the government come from?
What would it have been like if the Europeans had followed the First Nations’ way of government?
Our country, India, is both democratic and a republic. What is the difference between democratic and a republic?
Why is democracy much more preferred as compared to other forms of government?
Why are the Chinese so successful despite being deprived of government assistance from the Malaysian government?
What's your take on government hoarding of vulnerabilities? Are you for or against it? Why?
How was the government formed?
Is an order issued by a ministry considered as the central government's order?
Is there any change in the working of diplomats with the change of government in their respective country?
What are main differences between UPA government and NDA government in developments?
Should the government stop providing universal basic retirement pension?
Are the Amma canteens in Tamil Nadu and the proposed Annapurna canteens in UP, a sign of good governance?
What is the government doing to ensure economic equality?
How can a government strategically change the mentality of its people in the hopes of sustainable development without being socialist?
What should be done, but can’t realistically be done, by politics and governments?
Why is democracy popular?
What is the government securities market?
Will GST have an effect on upcoming job vacancies in the government and private sectors?
Where should I start when learning about the United States government?
How can we achieve democracy in the Indian family system? Why is democracy not considered a way of thought process but merely a way of governance?
What are some benefits of 'government and society' to help bring up a child?
How does a government regain the trust of its citizens?
What are the upcoming areas supported by the government to promote export?
What is a blue ribbon commission?
Which government is the most into debt?
What should I do as I am a retired government officer?
Who should pay for the services such as libraries that are available to the people in a community? Should it be the government or the locals?
Which was the first country to form a democratic government?
The Maharashtra government has not spent 42% of budgetary provisions, so what's the use of budgets and provisions?
Do you think that government should provide cyber security knowledge to general public?
Should the average person have a right to mass media broadcasting airwaves like corporations and government do?
Why are the Quebec & Canadian governments investing in academic A.I. research only, when most of the innovation came from the private sector?
Has the US government ever interfered with the elections in a foreign country?
As per Islam, can I not keep a beard if I like but not permanently?
What books or resources do you recommend for a broad overview of government theory (democracies/totalitarian, etc?)
Can the central government take any action against Imam Barkati when there is Mamta Banerjee in West Bengal?
Is democracy actually a solution for a country to flourish?
It’s been 9 years since Jaipur has witnessed a bomb blast. Why hasn’t the government taken any decision on this?
Is there some real basis under the "Yes, Minister" series? How did the author predict government supervision? Where there real precedents?
Why would tech companies provide backdoors for the government? Are they legally obliged to do so, or do they benefit from the cooperation?
If you could swap places with the President/Prime Minister/etc. of any country during any time period, who would it be, why, and what would you do?
Is there any government website which shows all of the statistical information in India, one like Indiastat (which is a private website)?
Can I service as an aircraft maintenance engineer under the government in India?
What is the unbiased review of 3 years of Modi Government?
What will happen if the Indian Government asks all American businesses to shut their operations in India, under certain geopolitical circumstances?
Hobbes, Locke, and Rousseau, who had the most accurate theory of government, according to biblical scripture?
Why doesn't the government use spy satellites to trace the Maoists (Naxalites) and then attack them?
How can a government take a private property?
What are the steps being taken in India (by both the government and NGOs) to address the problem of population explosion?
Is the Kashmir issue overexploited to gain political power and favour from the central government?
Which government is better congress or BJP?
How rich is the Chinese government and is it held financially accountable?
Do you have any information about e-governance?
In what cases does the government take half of your income?
Are all heads of state/government in the developed countries part of the One Percent?
What are the proper functions of governments?
Has public participation in government been quantified?
Is the Modi government up to the mark for the India as a whole?
What is it like to live through the transition of your country from a democracy to a dictatorship?
Is democracy a door wide open to autocracy and despotism?
Who supports democracy as it is today and why?
What are the schemes brought by the Siddharamaiaah government?
Under which ideals can a constitutional republic be created?
What would Australia look like if it became a republic, like, the parliamentary system (obviously it wouldn't be called parliament)?
Should representatives have to answer to people that are not in their district but that their decisions effect?
Why does the government make it difficult to receive benefits like food assistance and health care after a job loss?
Should the Philippines move to a federalist form of government and why?
What was the worst government in history?
If India changed from the parliamentary form of government to a presidential form of government, then how would it be and who would be the president and ministers?
Should the government remove reservations for class A and B government officers' wards?
What was the Vichy government in France in WW2? Why did it exist?
What contributed to the development of Athenian democracy?
Why did the Government of India Act 1935 make elections compulsory, if the British were ruling India?
Why does the Indian government behave like an individual?
Instead of denying those who create hostage situations, why doesn't the government utilize intelligence, such as the FBI, to arrest the assailants?
Which government job provides car facility to employees in India?
How does an autocratic and a democratic government differ?
Is WEBEL a government organization?
Why does our government cover up UFOs? And if there are intelligent beings outside of our world, where does the Bible stand on if they were here first?
Why does the federal government have anything to do with school lunches? ﻿
What are the salient features of democracy?
Why can’t governments monitor the movement of people across several countries?
Why is it racist to require all voters to verify their identities with a government-issued identification card?
Would USA function as a parliamentary republic and would the American population be in favour of such changes?
Should abortion be funded by the government?
Does the US government and private organisations hope wars continue so there is a demand for their weapons?
What is the Indian government actually doing?
What steps should the central government, state government & we as citizens of India should take for the cause of Kashmir unrest?
In Kashmir, our army gets helpless. Why isn’t the government responding and taking any strict actions against them?
If Iran's government were to become secular and democratic, how much would it improve its relations with Israel? How much would Israel benefit from that?
What is sovereignty with special reference to democratic government?
How are levels of government organised in Indonesia? Who controls what?
What do you mean by dual government from 1765 to 1772 in Bengal?
Is ICE becoming a federal police?
What is France’s type of government?
If a government prints too many notes or allows excessive borrowing, then why does money loses its value and inflation occurs?
Are the illicit liquor mafias behind the DMK’s and the PMK’s opposition to the state-controlled liquor shops in Tamil Nadu? A status report on the other states would be welcome.
What do Muslims want from the Indian government?
Why hasn’t the Indian government stopped reservation?
What is a new business that has government subsidies?
What happens if no parties can agree on a governing coalition in Germany?
What metrics are used to determine if a government is allocating capital effectively?
What is a government's fundamental plan of operation?
Who is wealthier, the president of a company or a member serving under any branch of the state government?
Why can't the government of India create separate states of Jammu and Ladakh and remove 370 for these regions? Anyway, these regions are not Kashmir, are they?
How do corrupt officials get punished?
Which is the government authority in Indonesia which develop and regulate the construction industry?
What laws in Israel establish/define the relationship between government and religion?
Can ICJ rule out a country's Supreme Court?
What are the mechanisms and factors that affect corporate governance?
What are the pathetic construction projects that were undertaken by a state government in India?
Does a central government department require a CST registration?
Is Trump moving the USA towards becoming an authoritarian state?
What world view or system of government did the Enlightenment challenge or support?
Why is a big government good?
Do authoritarian regimes such as Russia or China tend to have more experienced and wise foreign secretaries than democracies such as America?
Do you believe that government intervention in prices is important to protect American businesses?
Will I get money from the government if I give free water to people in the road in the summer?
What should I do as I haven't received any replies to my two RTIs regarding the salary of my husband working in a government department?
Would replacing the US federal government with androids solve our problems?
Should I be a lawyer or a government staff?
Is the government interested in increasing employment for the public?
Why is our government not selling off the loss-making carrier Air India and opting for privatisation instead?
Does US have an elected government and a superior hidden government?
Why is the Indian government not improving infrastructure?
Will Central Government employees submit their original certificates to the government?
Why are people against government money (vouchers) paying for religious K-12 educations?
Why don't we have a central Earth government and share resources with other nations?
When (if ever) will Greece exit the economic crisis? What realistic and doable actions have to be done?
Why doesn’t our government create a better religion that’s more suitable to all?
What did Curtis Munson mean by, "People of the Bridges Type"?
What is the role of government in the business sector?
Should people be held accountable for their government’s actions?
What are the projects or initiatives taken by the Indian government to protect the mother Ganges?
Why does Matthew Bates support less power at the federal level and more at the state level?
In which form does the Indian government store its revenue?
Is the National Housing Development Organisation under government control?
Can you simplify the GST for me? Why did it take so long for the successive governments to get it implemented if it was such a game changer?
Why did Communism fail in almost every country where it was adopted? What is it about Communism that makes way for dictatorships?
Can a state government employee in India be arrested?
Are non-partisan elections good for democracy?
Would it help children's teeth if the government made sweets available for sale in bulk minimums of 20 packs at a time?
Why does Modi’s government amend the FCRA bill?
Would the US government reduce deaths from darknet fentanyl if it took down torproject.org?
How do I access government data API's?
What is the relationship between the press and democracy?
What influence does the government have on SMEs?
Can any of our French Quorans please translate this image of the different governmental structures for me?
What are financial and economical data available for free from the US government?
What if there were no more government secrets?
What types of government are an oligarchy, autocracy, and democracy?
What are the important schemes launched by central government of India?
What is democracy like in the modern world?
Do government classifications (for confidential information) or warrants (issued by a regular judge for unrelated reasons) hold more weight?
Isn't there an end to minority appeasement? Why isn't the government taking action against the Owaisi brothers, Barkhati, and the ISIS network in India?
What would a US government shutdown look like?
How important is the development of Athenian democracy?
Is there any policy which abolishes reservation in government jobs?
If you say that Modi’s government is doing its work properly, then why isn’t it completing its promise to the young voters?
Is there any change in the working of diplomats by the changing of the central government in their country?
What would the ramifications be if a fourth branch of government whose job was to investigate the other three was created?
How much of the UK government’s income is dedicated to London?
How can I meet the transport minister of Center/Haryana or Delhi?
What is the reservation in government recruitment for women and in general?
What are the four objectives of corporate governance?
If there was a nation of Quorans, what government would it have?
What are some easily available government facilities/ rights/ app/ for the developing India that people never knew exist?
Do you trust the government or business?
If the government announces reservation to Thakurs of Saharanpur in exchange for an oath to move into the 21st century, would they get some foresight?
Why is the American government against Pakistan?
Is SRMS private or government?
Can a central government employee in India legally build apps as a hobby?
Can you explain to me how the Cuban government works?
What is the media's responsibility in a democracy?
Does the laying off of jobs in India occur due to poor governance?
What does the local government do to support the community?
How do people who work for corrupted governments steal money? Is it so easy?
What is the basic characteristic of a unitary government?
Can I survive without a government job?
Is the U.S. basically a social democracy already?
A government official is asking us for a bribe, how do I deal with him?
What are the government policies for the people who want to start a business in India?
How can the government raise money without taxes?
Why does the US government refuse to keep its citizens in line as well as the Russian government does its own?
What is the legislative branch of government?
If the intention of Modi's government is to curb black money, why doesn’t the government want to target rich people? The name list is countable.
What are the most impactful ways I can influence sustainability measures from my local commerce, and my municipal, provincial/state, federal government?
Why isn’t the Indian government taking some strict action on rapists?
Why is nobody in government even trying to reverse academic inflation?
Which are the best student-involved government programs around the world?
Why doesn’t the government ban the production of cigarettes when it is injurious to health?
If you have accepted the idea that some degree of a government-funded safety net is inevitable, is there some version that will do less damage?
Does the government wait for any incident to happen as all the laws or rules are passed only after an incident takes place?
If the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea is constitutionally a democracy by name, why do other democracies tend to seek war against the state?
Can a business which is an LED manufacturer come under the government scheme?
What government policies and decisions brought about the conflict in Korea, and what impact did it have on American society?
What will it take to unify the governments of the world?
Where can I find help to apply for a government grant (US) or an interest-free loan?
Why is it that in America the answer to the government’s mistakes is not to reform the government but to get rid of the government?
Could someone get in legal trouble if they bred a plant that has the same effects as an illegal drug?
Will the Syrian government collapse?
Can the government prevent the usage of or control cryptocurrency?
Can civic engagement enhance the quality of government?
Why was San Marino the first country to have a democratically elected Communist government in 1945?
What is "acquisition action" in terms of being a program manager in the government?
PV Sindhu was given a Group 1 service by the state government. The job requires knowledge about various subjects. Is it justifiable to give her such service?
Which welfare schemes are started by Modi’s government?
Does censorship in democracy mean that the people are not mature enough to practice a democracy?
Why isn’t Andhra Pradesh’s government taking any action against Sakshi TV or the newspaper?
Is a democratic republic the best form of government?
Who are some of the best speech writers in government today?
What would the American government have to do for the military to actually enact a coup to restore the constitution?
Who owns "Ofcom" and is it free from the government influences?
Do you have a reaction to the book, Raven Rock: The Story of the US Government's Secret Plan to Save Itself?
What are the aspects of totalitarianism?
Is it possible that zombies already exist and that the government just doesn’t want to let us know?
Is the government confused about economic policies and the promises they are making?
In what ways do governments earn money other than taxes?
Do you think the American government should spend more time investigating 3/11?
If a govt. employee is removed from service, what can he do next?
Why doesn’t the government try to update the law according to the present time?
Why do the security guards carry suppressed assault rifles outside of the government buildings?
Is it legal or illegal to move plants from one state to another?
Has the present N.D.A. government not been focusing on government jobs in spite of outsourcing?
How are conflicts between the legislature and executive bound to occur in the presidential system of government prevalent in the USA?
Why has Narendra Modi’s government not yet repealed the Right to Education Law?
What would happen if Kim Jong-un committed suicide?
Why did the UPA government hired a Pakistani lawyer in ICJ?
If a winged human or angel were spotted today, how would the public and government react?
What were the reasons why the government put 12% GST on sanitary wear, despite its high need yet low penetration​?
Is a watchdog entity that exposes the abuses of power, corruption, fraud, government waste, etc. on a global scale any less valuable than Deep Throat?
If you believe your government and fellow citizens would indiscriminately take thousands of innocent lives on 9/11, why do you still live in the U.S.?
Why do the same people oppose the government regulation of subsidized school lunches, but favor the regulation of food stamp purchasing eligibility?
What are some possible pit falls of accepting investment from government and private?
What would be the most effective way to ignite a revolution against the American government?
Is healthcare an entitlement?
What steps have been taken by the government to fill the gap between the demands of industry and the education system?
Which IHM (government only) colleges are the best?
Why do people in rural America hate the Federal Government when they receive billions of dollars in federal aid and subsidies?
What is corporate governance? How does it help the economy?
What do you mean by democracy? How is it implemented?
In the British parliamentary system of government, what happens if there is a tie in votes between 2 parties in a general election?
Will this pork-barrel app accurately describe how the federal government spends tax money?
Are Iranians ironically western friendly and want non theocratic government?
If we had a more deliberative democracy would populism remain?
What is the meaning of democracy when you have a treaty with a dictator, and you implement it for the general people?
Do American people fear their government?
What do you consider to be the most reasonable political ideal, philosophy, or basis for a government?
What is a nodal government agency?
What is the one world government that is going to be formed under the European union about?
Is Togo a democracy?
Why is Pakistan not a democracy even though it has elections?
What are the major changes that might be made in the government's policy if the opposition were to win the 14th Malaysian general election?
Where did US Representative Al Green find the people to fake the threatening tapes?
Will the U.K. government be strong and stable after the election?
Will the government pay you for killing a terrorist?
Are federal agency heads and cabinet secretaries bureaucrats?
Who is responsible for the violence in Kashmir, and why is the government not taking any steps?
What is the job profile of an MPDO officer in the state (Telangana) governments?
Why is the government planning to change the financial year from April to January?
Why doesn’t the US government ban the hiring of freelancers in other countries, to protect American jobs?
What percentage of the revenue deficit of dry states due to prohibition is met by the Central Government?
Land Laws comes under Central Govt or State Govt in India?
Why should we pay taxes to governments? Don't you think this money is wasted on politicians’ privilege and corruption?
What is the best way for international organisations to support good governance in East Africa?
Why do we focus so much on government budgets rather than government cost efficiency and productivity?
Would it be against the code of conduct of the election commission to change the government before the second phase of the local election in Nepal?
Will private citizens have the same access to justice technology as government forces in the future?
What is your best advice to poor nations? What do you think their governments and people should be focusing on the most?
Would a government kill its own people to score political points in an electoral race?
Which government is more authoritarian, Turkey or Russia?
How can people and government resolve the water crisis in "Bundelkhand"?
Have you ever had any idea of a governmental system which is flawless?
Why are non-government organisations positive things? Towards the world and ourselves.
Is a real democratic world government viable?
Can a marriage certificate with a photo issued by the state government be used as ID proof on domestic airlines?
Why doesn't the Indian government help Sikhs in European countries where they are being discriminated against on religious grounds by their governments?
What will happen if all the wealth of Indian temples is declared as government property?
How can I juxtapose the difference between government and governance?
What do you understand about equality & democracy being dynamic and not static concepts?
Can China be said to be a democracy?
What is the meaning of radical democracy?
If you could create your own island nation what would it be like?
With center-right governments being elected worldwide, what changes do you forsee for people around the world?
What do you think of the Modi government after 3 years in power?
Why do we need the government? Why can't we create an app that lets the public vote on the laws they want?
How is the government responsible if someone loses their job at a private company?
What is the most complicated title ever held by a nobleman?
Why do you obey the United States government?
Can a government bank employee, or any government employee in India, get suspended for low performance?
What is a democratic republic government?
Why are European economies, governments and people struggling so much with the digital revolution?
What are the steps taken by the government to clean the Ganga?
What makes California one of the worst governed states?
What have the Modi government's biggest hits and misses been?
What steps have the government taken with regard to the leaking of Aadhaar card details?
Why do you think democracy is more important than any other political value?
Why isn’t the BJP government of Assam not as proactive as the other BJP governments?
How effective will be a tie between Coursera and the government of India?
Would space exploration benefit if the government got out of the way and left it to the private industry?
Would a governor be addressed orally as "Mr./Madam Governor" or "Governor"?
Which government body should I call if I got fake/duplicate whiskey?
After how much time do we get government quarters?
Can IAS officers implement new schemes without the consent of the government?
Why is communism dying?
Is the government of France different from the political system in the UK?
Why should the world help in changing an Shiite government with another Sunni one with the same opposite ideology?
We have the potential to be excellent as a nation of people what will it take to bring us to the point of self governing ourselves and our future?
Why are Nigerians regarded as the most corrupt nation in the world?
What is an anocracy?
How was the present government of Nepal 2074 formed?
Do you believe that individuals that carry negative RH factors, more specifically, O-, are being tracked by government agencies?
What would the end stage of governmental corruption look like in a democratic nation?
Considering two people with the same capabilities, one in the private sector and the other in government sector, who struggles to earn money more?
What are the changes today's government has brought in our country?
Do you think reservations are necessary everywhere in the government sector?
Can I use earphones in central government offices while working the night shift?
Should American children be taught about communism and democracy, and be allowed the free will to choose for themselves?
Will moderation ever return to the federal government?
Why is authoritarianism not democracy?
What if government revenue could only be raised via crowdsourcing means?
Is Canada's government good or bad? Is Canada respected or laughed at? Do we have a good or bad history? What things should the government change?
Why is movable immovable property so important in government sectors?
Considering the present scenario, is democracy worth it or should there be a military rule of a monarchy?
When is the Karnataka government going to pass a bill granting 100% reservations for locals in the private sector?
Can the Sarpanch of the Gram Panchayat be superseded?
Is there an official position in a government or agency that is tasked solely to weed out corruption?
How do governments rob people?
How is the fake news phenomenon yet another malignity of the government to seize power?
Where can we get state and central government job updates?
What is the recruitment policy imposed by Indian government for foreign companies?
Can a PWD officer lease government rest house premises to private persons for the purpose of business?
Is it possible that all the countries on earth would merge into one single world coalition government?
How much is India's trade policy really decided by central government and how much is the local government's policy?
What's so different in the constitution of Pakistan which makes their army so powerful over the elected government as compared to the Indian constitution?
Do you get any help from the government to start an agricultural business if you are not a farmer from the Gujarat government?
Are minorities included in deliberative democracy?
Do you think the Modi government is directly or indirectly favouring the Patanjali brand?
Should the US have four political parties, instead of two, represented in the state and federal government?
Why should a common man pay for the salary of a corrupt government employee?
Are there government funded incubators?
How did the anti-government protests of 2015/16 affect Ethiopian politics?
What are some websites, newspapers, magazines where I can find information about government jobs in India?
Why does the US government not honor the charters of organizations it is a member of?
What are the norms of conduct of public officials?
What is the most powerful fictional government of any medium?
Is it better for freedom and human rights in general to switch governments more frequently?
Can a billionaire buy a government officer in India?
What is the difference between a federation and a union?
Why does the government not give any quotas for BSF ex-servicemen?
Who formed the first coalition government in an Indian state?
What should democracy be like?
Does our own lack of personal responsibility create the need to be governed?
What do you think of the idea of Wiki Government?
Even though American children learn how to hate Communism, should they still learn democracy vs communism and have free will to decide for themself?
What is the reason that vacancies in PSUs have curtailed compared to the previous few years? Is the Modi government reluctant on creating government jobs?
In your opinion, was the Canadian government’s decision to cancel the Avro Arrow a mistake?
Why does the Indian government do nothing to prevent tax evasion and money laundering in the Indian movie industry?
What are the job prospects of BArch candidates in the government, except for CPWD?
What is the government's role in innovation?
What is a military dictatorship and its features?
Do you agree with the democracy system?
Can a central government employee working as inspector in central excise department invest in Stock market? Upto what extent he can invest?
What are the formations of local elections?
Is there any age relaxation in the UPPCS exam for government employees?
Why is the government digging mass graves?
Does the Government of India Act 1935 provide reservation for women in provincial legislature?
Why do liberals and democrats believe in big government?
What are examples of government failure?
Can I make it illegal for myself to perform an action such as smoking a ciragette or buying meat?
Is America still safe for democracy?
Has the Modi government really done anything good?
Is the Cricket phone service run by the government?
Why isn’t the union government increasing the number of posts for IAS? After all, it would help in the development of the country.
How would a Labour government in 2017 react to terrorist activity? How also would they improve community cohesion?
Can we see democracy in China?
Will the Indian government privatize BSNL?
Is the level of B.Tech in both the government as well as private up to par?
Should Christians obey rules outside of government?
Who decides the menu when the heads of states of other country meets the prime minister or president of India?
Is India a liberal state or a successful democracy?
Some people think governments should control the number of foreign-made TV programs being shown. Do you agree? Why?
Is the government actually taking action on exposes made by Arnab?
What are the functions of the legislative branch?
Is democracy a form of patsy scheme?
What is the best type of government rather than democracy?
Should the people’s right to know be valued above the government’s need for secrecy?
What is the rationale behind “All government spending is a tax”?
When is the Karnataka government going to pass a bill granting 100% reservation for locals in the private sector?
If I became president of a very corrupt country and wanted to run it like a business, what systems could I set in place to help me deter corruption?
What documents delegate powers to local governments?
How can you make a better government system than the best ones in the world today?
Will the populous today rather be under a good dictator than under a corrupted government?
Should the position of police have term limits and be rotated among the citizenry?
Which do you view as the best system, the meritocracy or the democracy? Why?
What has the Modi government done for the farmers to ease the demonitization issue for them?
Can you record conversations you have with government employees in California, legally?
What does Pakistan have to fear from the Indian Government and its people?
How is studying agriculture at some government college?
What are some measures taken by the government to improve the transportation system in India?
Democracy always lead to capitalism. Is this true? If yes then how?
What is the most convincing argument for Communism?
What is a government contracting officer representative?
Why doesn't the government privatize the Ashok hotel group?
What is the "worst" government policy you have ever followed/gone through? What, according to you, could be its replacement?
What are some historical events that governments want to censor?
What is the local level of the legislative branch?
Is it illegal to write books against the government in England?
What is the antecedent and character verification in government jobs?
How does nationalization of firms work?
How is your government helping in Libya and what are their future plans for Argentina?
Is it true that the democracy has existed in Portugal since 1825, with some interruptions?
How does Josue Diaz see Modis Government?
Who said that elections are the heart of democracy?
Are the ideas that the federal government should provide only for defense and that we have the right to govern ourselves as we see fit contradictory?
If Republicans, which have all branches of government, don't ban abortions, should they be criticized when they bring the issue up in elections?
What is the role of the government in maintaining law, order and peace?
Has there been any improvement in the irrigation system of India after the NDA government came to power in 2014?
How helpful/useful are the current Indian central/state government policies for a startup from an IT startup perspective?
What is the 14/2 act of the central government?
What are the chances of the U.S. government changing the age of adulthood from 18 to 21?
What would happen if the government finds out that I'm harboring a vampire?
Who do you think should pay for the services that are available to the people in a community? Should it be the government or individual people?
Is the Indian government so corrupt that due to its pressure, the CBI tries to accuse whistleblowers?
Why doesn’t the Indian government ban coke even after it has been proven to have pesticides?
Is the Chinese government really dangerous?
Explain whether new nations depend on strong governments to succeed?
Why do we allow ourselves to be lied to by our government?
Do our non-verbals govern how we think and feel about ourselves?
To what extent should the government interfere with the economy during a time of recession?
Why do we have to give details of our schools/colleges, etc. in the attestation form for government jobs ?
What is the reason the BJP government has reduced vacancies and so made much delay in various central state government job recruitments?
What is the right decision to be taken by the government in the current situation of mutilation of our soldiers?
What is the advantage and disadvantage of a parliamentary democracy?
If I were to conspire with several people to topple the government and I was caught, what could I potentially be charged with?
Is it possible for a government to monitor and apply taxes for all activities related to Bitcoin?
How can monopolies be eliminated without government?
Are direct PhD holders eligible to become lecturers in government colleges?
Why can not the Indian government and state governments use power point presentation for budgets rather than giving a speech?
Is the Modi government right?
Why is India extremely badly governed and managed?
What is the Assam government?
If governments found a way to extend human life for hundreds of years, would they keep it as a secret or would they share it with the rest of us?
How can the government combat undeclared work?
How should the Singapore government be more transparent?
What is regulatory governance?
Does the Pakistani government have any control over F.A.T.A?
How much infrastructure investment did the Australian government commit in the decade after the Howard government, and what were they spent on?
Do we need educated citizens for democracy?
What do the people of Quora think of direct democracy?
Are we going toward a world government?
What indicators can be used to prove that a specific newspaper is pro-government or anti-government in India?
What will happen if people refuse to cooperate with the government worldwide?
Assume that the government injects 100 million into the economy. What impact would you expect on GDP given that the marginal propensity to consume is 0.8? Why?
Why does the government help small businesses?
Who has maximum power in an Indian democracy?
Is the NDA government doing well? I mean, what has it done in the last 3 years?
Does democracy breed weak and ineffectual leaders?
How true is it that the media has become more biased towards the ruling government?
What are the achievements of the Modi government in the last four years?
How can I remember the table of precedence of government functionaries with logic?
Are there any good cardiologists near Saket or in NCR at a private or government hospital?
Are there active branches of the world's governments that seek to cover up the existence of the paranormal and supernatural?
Are Quiverfull Christians a threat to democracy? After generations of exponential population, could they overwhelm ballots and institute theocracy?
What should you never look up on Google or else you will get in trouble with the government?
Why does the Central government have to provide SFE?
How should a local government assess the current price of a public road which has been in use for seven years?
Why is the Kerala government forcibly imposing Malayalam on Kasaragod Kannadigas?
What should the government do to maintain peace in Indonesia?
What form of government is the speciality of India?
Had Congress never played dirty games to topple the elected government? Is Congress so honest?
What is a pardon in government?
Why is the Chinese government so rich? Where is the money from?
I'm going to make a general comparison of two countries. What aspects should I touch on (like economic state, government, and all that)?
Is today's government leading towards dictatorship?
What is the difference between saying Israel has too much control over the American government (taboo) and saying Russia does (more acceptable)?
Which has more impact on the economy, lowering taxes or increasing government spending?
How can we draw the attention of the government towards fake begging communities who are exploiting kids for their own greed?
What is the future of Brazil's estate? Is democracy in danger?
What do you think about the new policy to allow private investment in defence of Indian Government that has been finalized?
If the world is under a one world government, can it get rid of primordialism, racism, ageism, ethnocentrism?
Are there any jobs for CSE/IT engineers in the government sector?
Why direct democracy is obsolete today?
Why do socialist governments suppress freedom of speech more than other governments?
What are the empirical effects of countries having a presidential versus parliamentary system?
If Brexiteers are so keen on democracy, why are they opposed to a referendum on whatever deal the government come up with?
Will the mulla government collapse in Iran?
What are the causes to the failure of democracy and oligarchy?
Is the USA experiencing a test period of democracy, and freedom that might mean, the end to democracy in the world because media has been taken over?
What are different types of federalism? Which of it is followed by India?
What should be in the top most priority of Government of India to fix in the current set of law or the constitution?
If if the other branches of government do not check the Executive at this juncture, will we find ourselves in a constitutional crisis?
Which is the best government CGL job or business?
Do you think a company should actively lobby the government in order to obtain competitive advantages?
Why haven't more governments decriminalised cannabis?
What is the Theresa May government's rationale for legalising the ivory trade once again in England?
Did the British government have a similar human rights rhetoric at the height of its power in the late 1870s?
Is barterism better than the exchange of government made currency?
In light of the present American political scene, how is democracy 'the government of the people, by the people and for the people'?
Why is the government still silent regarding the Kashmir issue?
Are there any keywords or search phrases that, if typed into Google, could result in being monitored by the government, NSA, or police?
Is it usual practice in other countries for government employees to not get paid a salary for three months or is it just in mine?
Is the 80-IBA government scheme a part of PMAY?
What is the difference between a board and an authority created under a department of the government?
What has the Modi government done to improve education in India?
What does “federal state” mean in politics?
Should a government force women to have an abortion if the country is going through severe droughts and famine and can't afford to care and feed it?
Can a US court hold a state government in contempt?
Is democracy really good? What kind of other systems can we implement?
What did you do that made government officials visit you?
Why has Punjab declined to implement the eNAM scheme in agricultural marketing?
If the government found out the meaning of life, would they tell us?
Does the Chinese government really have better long-term visions than other governments elsewhere in Asia?
What's stopping the government from reducing immigration?
If you were tricked into signing a petition for a city referendum, how do you make sure your signature is not counted?
What is the Bangladeshi government doing to protect the beauty of Sundarbans?
What are implications if the government fails to meet its financial needs?
Why does the Russian government seem to want to destabilize global politics?
What clauses in the US Constitution gives the government the power to "protect jobs"?
How did American and Soviet democracy differ?
Why is it okay for the government to make wearing seat belts while driving compulsory but ban soft drinks from school?
What, in your opinion, should be the steps taken by the Indian government to encourage more foreign investment?
What are the incentives provided by the government to the farmers?
The formation of the BJP government in Assam was seen as a game change -has anything changed on the ground?
Why are girls advised to work in the government sector over the private one?
What major countries of the world still don't hold democratic elections?
Did you ever think that our government is causing our depression?
How does the state government (from the opposition party) generate money?
Do the military fight for our country or fight for the government (and are brainwashed by the government to believe they are fighting for our country)?
Did any central government employee get his 7th pay commission arrears?
Why doesn’t the government have a strict policy on Bitcoin? Why hasn’t the government banned this currency in India?
How can Britain have a democracy despite the fact that it doesn't have a constitution?
What are the different types of government in Ireland?
Do I need approval from local authorities or the government to plant trees around my building?
What is the life of a banker like, post demonetization move by the government?
Who will get the government in the coming five years (PTI or PML-N)?
What percent of existing bureaucratic government jobs could be automated or removed entirely?
What is it like running a country?
Why is the Senate considering calling Comey to testify about his memos when he was fired for lying to the Senate under oath?
Could you mention some polls showing that the US government does reforms against the majority’s will?
How many employees does the US federal government have?
Should there be a cap on indirect costs for government research grants?
Do you support the government ban on websites and YouTube showing movies for free?
Are the BA coaching centers private or government run?
Does any other country other than US have an equivalent role of the designated survivor?
Why don't more people support world government?
If the same ICJ were to give a ruling against India regarding removing the restrictions on consuming beef, would our government honour it?
Does democracy still work if the ignorant people are the majority?
What is non-territorial federalism?
Which education sector is better, private or government?
Will we ever have one global government?
If Australia becomes a republic, will it have a US style democracy, or another form of government?
What should the Nigerian state and federal governments do for Nigeria to truly become an economic superpower in Africa and in the world?
What is the actual problem of India: democracy, politicians, or us?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of the parliamentary system of government in India?
What is your opinion on UP government launching cow ambulances?
Is 'NOC' required for fresh application of passport for government employees?
What is the government like in China?
Why doesn't the Maharashtra government regularly make provision in Mumbai for parking lots? Why is everyone struggling? Is the government incapable of thinking?
Why is RBI considered to be performing merchant banking functions to the state and central government?
What are the various schemes of the Madhya Pradesh government and the central government to financially help those willing to do business?
If the US interior shrinks millions of acres of public lands, will anyone be able to buy up a scenic acreage from the U.S. government?
Why is there always chaos in Kashmir when a BJP government is in power?
How can anyone argue that the EU is more or at least as democratic as most EU national governments?
Who do people in Crimea pay taxes to, the Ukrainian government or the Russian government?
Is democracy good for developing countries?
What are the social implications of a country running out of water?
What is the role of a government entrepreneur?
How might a basic income be more or less effective than other forms of government aid?
Should the Modi government support the policy of Reservation in Promotion?
If someone found a way to cure all negative health conditions, (including old age,) would the government or other organizations try to suppress it?
What is the logical connection between the 'one-party government' concept and communism?
How much money can a government print in a year?
From the total employment of India, the employment in the government sector is only 2%. Why, then, do people target reservation in the government sector?
How credible are the NTIS (National Technical Information Service) U.S. government research reports?
Why does the U.S. government like interfering in other countries' internal affairs?
What can be done to involve people in governance, especially in India?
Has Modi’s government failed to deal with internal security (naksal samasya) in red corridor states?
Why does the Australian government alone impose restrictions on foreign property investors?
What's a government position that you would like to fill?
How do you feel about Noakhali Government College?
Does the public have the right to know everything the U.S. government is doing?
What is the longest stretch that the Republican Party can realistically retain control of all three branches of government?
What are the pros and cons of the "Patalganga project" proposed by the Karnataka government to tap deep underground water?
Is there a better alternative to universal suffrage (voting rights for all adults)?
How can we identify if a trust has been registered with the government of India?
Is there any country that has struggled for democracy and is currently not democratic?
How did the feudal system influence the government of China?
How do Greeks feel for having a radical left party in the government?
Is the Portuguese Government good?
Is Narendra Modi planning to form a government in Delhi by overthrowing the current government?
Which Indian City can never be clean despite Swacch Bharat initiatives taken by the government?
As a government employee, how much is the cash-in-hand salary?
Does the Israeli government do the same as the Indian government does in regards to terrorism?
What's your opinion on how Modi's government has handled the issue of judicial appointments?
Does secularism contradict the federal structure of the Indian republic?
Do new nations depend on their governments to succeed? How would you explain this?
Does gold rise because confidence in the government falls or because of money printing?
Do American people realize what their government has done to world?
How can we start an armed revolution against any repressive government to overthrow the government?
What could be a good alternative to polybags? Can the government ban them?
Is it good to drop a private job and prepare for a government job?
For institutions, politicians, and individual citizens, what are the challenges to democracy that happen every single day, large and small?
How will creating a school political party involving communism affect my outside life?
County government is made up of what?
What would the world’s governments do if I had immortality?
How would it be to have a government controlled by software?
Who among those in the IAS get the chance to serve for the Central government?
How do energy companies put pressure on governments?
How do government officials keep straight what is and isn't classified when addressing the press?
Can we bribe someone for government jobs in India?
How would you rate the NDA government's three-year performance?
How can the government limit the right to assembly?
Is an oil rig renting the ocean floor from the government? Or is it owning it?
What government or industrial functions should Beijing transfer to the Xiongan New Area?
What would happen if a car broke down on the entrance of a prison facility or a secret government facility having no way to contact for help?
How powerful is the Indian government?
For how much time can a mobile bill be claimed by central government employees?
For Christians: if a tyrannical government takes over, does Romans 13 still apply when it comes to obedience to governing powers?
What is the difference in a federal crime and state?
If you had to choose between a fanatical theocratic government or a Nazi government, which would you choose?
Does the local government have a "duty to inform" when you move to a new city?
What is cabinet ministry and who rules to who?
What is Naxalite? Why it's started? Who started? What they want from Indian government?
What is the most successful way to campaign for government accountability reforms?
Should India break up Uttar Pradesh into smaller states for better governance?
How do you get all government files about yourself?
What are the different forms of constitutions?
Why doesn’t the government pass a law to solve all cases, either criminal or civil, within a year or two?
Why was peer-to-peer file sharing taken down by the music industry while regulatory agencies and governments can’t do the same with Uber and Airbnb?
As Texas continues to grow into one of the most populous and one of the most economically powerful states in the Union, is it wise for our state government to continue to employ such a politically weak governor?
Businesses should be seen as partners in cleaning up the environment and not be treated as suspects by the government. What are people’s opinions about that?
What are the scopes of MJMC in government sectors?
What is the most wasteful thing the government of Louisiana has paid for?
Does the U.S. government have a plan for a robot uprising?
How could a dictator take power in a previously democratic country with minimal resistance?
How best can you describe the vertical distribution of power in the government?
Does the Constitution of Pakistan allow military interference? It seems that there is a lesser role of the Democratic government than the holy army?
Is our democracy hacked?
Is communism illegal in Germany?
Why does the US have only around 2-3 times the budget of Germany, while it has 5-6 times its GDP?
Why is Ivanka Trump all over the place when she holds no official position?
What are the legislative powers of the president?
How do Americans justify that democracy is the system every country should implement when the democracy in their country could easily be compromised?
How do the existing rulers of China react to people's demands for democracy?
Why is Russia referred to as a non-democracy and the United States is referred to as a democracy?
If the govt. hasn't been able to disclose the quantum of old currency that is deposited back, then why do we still not question the credibility of this govt.?
What advantages does a democracy have over other forms of government?
On a practical note, why and how is the Modi government failing?
What are the pros and cons of the FCRA (foreign contributions to the political parties) amendments proposed by the Modi government?
What action can be taken by a government department regarding unauthorised absence for 40-45 days by an employee?
What are the advantages and pitfalls of nationalisation? Why do governments do it?
Why are Indian government works so lame and always delayed?
Is the BJP government leading India towards development, considering all aspects?
Why should the Canadian government receive federal funding for sanctuary cities?
Should 2019 be the government of Modi, and will this government give any benefit to India?
Should the government ban interest-only loans in housing to prevent them from blowing up and destabilizing the financial sector and the broader economy?
Where does the government get the new money to replace the old ones and what are the strategies?
Why are there so many slums in the urban cities of India despite the steps taken by the government?
Why is the Modi government passing all of the bills it blocked during Congress’ rule?
Can the future cities project in India help the Indian government to rapidly modernize the military, since they will get a good amount of money from it?
What is the rule on giving salary to a jailed government employee in India?
To what extent is the current drought crisis in part of Africa a failure of governance?
Why doesn’t the government ban Chinese food imports like plastic rice, artificially prepared eggs, etc. rather than warning people not to each such things?
Who all puts their minds to drafting new policies in the Indian government?
Why are African governments mostly corrupt?
What is a combination party in government?
If you work for the FBI, are you considered to be part of the judicial branch or the executive branch of the government?
How can access to more information be bad for democracy?
Can we get double HRA for transferring from Jaipur to Tripura?
Is democracy sustainable?
What are the jobs offered on scientific officer posts in the Indian Government?
Why are governments not keeping track of their citizens abroad to check the ISIS menace?
How does pay fixation work for a central government employee if their date of promotion and increment is 01–07–2016?
How are quasi-legislative powers used?
Why do Indian government companies provide the worst service & their staff behaves as though they are frustrated?
Should schools in India be nationalized?
How can the state government go against the federal government?
Which life is better: engineering or government job like FDA?
What are the main purposes of the legislature branch, executive branch, and judiciary branch? Why are they important to the democratic government?
Why don’t people in Bengal overthow the Mamata government?
What actions should be taken against people who misused the government money?
Why did the Modi government not take any action against the accused named in the Panama papers?
What actions are taken by the government against ewe teasing?
What is a practical and perfect form of government?
Is there any situation where solutions and actions taken by the government due to a revelation in debate and reality shows like Arnab does in India ?
How can I get government projects for my NGO in India?
Why are Christian values a part of the U.S. Government still today?
Is it right to justify the failures of the central government just for the sheer fact that at least they are trying?
Is there any regulation/rulings governing the exemption of non-public entities being subject to audit in the US?
Should smartphones allow backdoor access to government agencies?
How's the real relationship between the Tatmadaw and the NLD government?
What are the difficulties of local self-government in India?
What is global governance, concepts and challenges?
How does the government of a country enforce collective decisions made elsewhere?
Why is communism said to be inevitable?
What is a general turn priority and a non-priority in the Tamil Nadu government sector applications?
Does living in government-funded housing facilities impair low-income families psychologically?
What should the next Korean government do to prevent fine dust?
Government jobs are still permanent in India, provided that there are a lot of well performing unemployed people waiting to get a chance. Why?
How did the Vichy (France) government in WWII work?
Is the government responsible for the cut in IT jobs?
What is democratic government?
Do executives understand how vulnerable their systems are to ransom or attack without supported software updates and cybersecurity?
Is it true that the Malaysian government UMNO party supports unity, but will take violence to keep your mouth shut?
Would you rather live in a place with an all-powerful government or no government at all?
Are people taking advantage of the scheme given by the Modi government?
Should political party formation end in a democracy so that everyone can get a fair chance to fight in elections?
How do US citizens or any citizens residing under a similar form of government see Canadian politics?
Is SBI clerk a central government job?
Is it time to abolish tax returns in the US? Considering how large Bush and Obama grew government surveillance, the government knows already what you owe.
Why do governors appoint an acting governor when they leave the state? Can't the governor do the job from out of state?
What is the rule of three in the government?
Do many Americans want their government to work to divide the EU?
What is the definition of the ideal form of government in Hindi?
Is there a document that was released by the government on the merger of CMPFO and EPFO?
Can we call tax as compulsory extortion of money by the government?
Is the government help to buy scheme allowing builders to justify increased house prices?
What are modern day examples of Limited Government in the US Government?
Who are the Kashmir separatists, and why is the government providing so much security?
Is it legal for an Indian government employee to simultaneously run his business or work somewhere else to earn moey?
How was the Fadnavis government?
Is democracy a purely Western innovation?
What are the government subsidies on dairy projects in India?
What are the causes of exercising control over Business by the Government (of India)?
What is a unitary political system?
Should the Modi government ask the CM of Chhattisgarh to shift the capital to Bijapur from Raipur in order to tackle the Naxal problem?
Is there a strong link between democracy and good governance?
Is it possible to live in India without bribing cops and staff in any government offices to get your job done?
How do governments transfer capital cities?
Should the Texas state government continue to use the same plural executive power structure to prevent any single member of the executive branch from becoming too powerful?
Would someone like to share the percentage system going on in government departments for a major contract value?
The BJP in Chhattisgarh has failed to solve the Naxalite problem even after 13 years of ruling. Is it time to change the state government?
How can partisan gerrymandering be avoided in a modern democracy?
What would be the difference in UK Government spending if there was no public debt of any kind?
What are the instruments of direct democracy?
What would happen if the electric power industry of a country is privately owned by one businessman as an absolute monopoly ?
Why are governments allowed to spy on people, but I'm not?
Does Modi's Make in India plan suffer due to the corruption of the state governments?
Are central government​ employees​ who are under probation​ eligible for trekking leave?
What are policies or legislation on cybersecurity that can be implemented in cities?
In what way can government assist in the development of a country?
Is the craze of UPSC going down after the Modi government removed the VIP culture and the beacon lights?
In what ways can a government change after a different political party wins an election?
How will the US government change?
If true Socialism has never been implemented, as many Socialists say, isn't it a huge coincidence that all governments that tried to implement it failed?
How is the BJP/Modi government fooling people?
What are the neglected national monuments by government of India?
Is there anyone in the Indian government who's taking India's water problems seriously?
Is the Indian government obligated to demote English in India?
What kind of government was there before democracy in India?
Why do people talk of democracy as if it's infallible, and the solution to every political issue in the world?
If a R&AW officer happens to see corruption in any government departments or among politicians, will they take appropriate legal action?
What is the future of Nigerian government under the current president?
If India is a comparatively poor country why doesn't the government print more notes and make our country rich?
How can you run a country without government?
Why isn't the Indian government taking action against the Hurriyat, despite knowing that Pak's ISI is fueling and funding the unrest in Kashmir?
Do government and state officials speak what is known as legalese?
How do I get a government job easily after 12th science?
What are the modern-day examples of federalism in the US government?
Why are Democrats so obsessed with minorities?
Can I claim as tax credit, tax collected at source paid to government?
What are some steps that the government can implement to stop rape?
What is the fate of Tamil Nadu under the BJP central government?
Why is the USA such a violent place compares to the other established democracies?
What are the concurrent functions of a local government?
What sort of constitutional provision is saving government employees in India from getting fired for non-performance, negligence of duty and corruption?
How good is the Modi government at silencing the public?
How do governmental institutions operate?
How was democracy restored in Chile?
Do forms of government matter without economic opportunities?
What kind of government will be effective if artificial intelligence came into function?
How come governments all over the world hoard gold?
How do I deal with the pressure from my parents to get a government job?
How common is it to sit on an article you've produced because of government security concerns/intervention?
Is the media making it virtually impossible for any President to govern, regardless of party?
What are some of the visible changes after Trump Governance?
Why don't governments all around the world impose amortization requirements, like the Swedish government, to lower household debt levels?
Why do governments prefer to hire previous or current government employees?
What are the reasons for Babu’s ill treatment of clients in government offices?
Can we say taxation as a comulsory extortion of money by the government?
Which system of government would be best suited as a single global government and why?
Is there a correlation between the downfall of government-run industries post 1990, and the rise of Marwari business families in Nepal?
How did democracy come to be?
Why don't governments end the suffering of disabled, mentally ill and desperate people by assisting them to commit suicide?
Why is the Thai government so worried about the King being shown in a crop-top?
Who holds power over Romanian government besides their cabinet?
How could the people put the army out of politics and continue the path to real democracy in Egypt?
Why don't the people from North Korea rebel against their government?
What is an example of an economic good that improved for consumers in both price and quality faster where government control increased?
Is MS-CIT essential for getting government jobs in Maharashtra?
Why is India growing despite its government and not because of it?
Why hasn’t the Indian government taking any strong steps against terrorism? Why are our brave Indian soldiers sacrificing their lives every day?
Why were vertical launchers, until recently, only operated by governments?
Why is democracy important today?
Why does the West try implementing democracy in other countries despite that solution being bad for the target?
If the US had a Nazi government at present, would there be a strong enough coalition to stop it from world domination?
When the world faces extinction, is there a possibility of a worldwide uniform government?
If destroying currency is a gain for the government, then why is it against the law?
Can an Indian government employee become rich?
What are the conditions for a country to have a democracy?
What are the types of communism?
Can I get the promises of congress government which were not completed still?
How is the government going to address the NPA issue of a bank?
What is the importance of direct democracy?
How did democracy spread in monarchist Europe?
What is the difference between unitary form of Government and Federal government?
Should the government be able to control what you put into your own body?
If the most extreme right-wing constituency of our government could pass any laws and do as they pleased for 20 years, what would America look like in any and every aspect?
Why does the BJP government waste taxpayers’ money on its advertisements?
Does the govt. give loans for post-graduation?
Why should or shouldn’t small farms be government subsidized?
Now that WikiLeaks has been exposed as a tool of Russian intelligence/cyberwarfare, when will Western governments take action to shut it down?
What does "interactive governance" mean?
How are ships governed by national laws and regulations?
Has there ever been a religious totalitarian state?
How is a misleading and fraud company like MobiKwik being allowed to continue operations by the government of India?
What are the main reasons why most of Vietnamese don't speak up against their corrupted inefficient government even though they are fed up with it?
Do we have a single official website for all government jobs in India?
What is a data governance operating model?
What are the achievements of the Narendra Modi government 3 years after they came to power in 2014?
If hypothetically, a one world government or federation was established, how would it's sociopolitical underpinnings look like?
Is the Maharashtra Government aware of the heavy crowd in local trains? The common Mumbaikar question is, “Did they have any idea how to control the crowd”?
Why has our government become so partisan over the last 20 years?
Why does the Indian government support the gau rakshak terrorists that kill its own citizens?
Is a revolution an option for Nigeria’s bad government?
Why doesn't the government take action against the RSS group's activities?
If a large majority of people in a country want the land they are residing on to be a separate country, and a big protest is going on, then what will the government do?
What are some examples of unitary systems of government?
Do you think de-licensing is different from structural reforms in India?
How much money do goverments spend on plastic recycling?
Which is better, democracy or monarchy?
Why are Republican states trying to reduce the federal government when they are the most dependent on the federal government
Why hasn't Canada federalized all the national highways into a federal system guaranteeing a uniform experience for all drivers across provinces?
When will the American people stand up to the corrupt government?
Do we have any idea to what extent the Chinese government has penetrated US intelligence?
Where does the money/gold seized by government agencies get accounted for and spent?
What are the factors which have compelled India to adapt a federal system of government?
Is it important for the government to have secrets?
Did the British government betray Zimbabwe on the land issue?
What measures can be taken by the Indian government to make India up to par or closer to the rest of the world in terms of technology?
If the government bans gas vehicles, then what will the pollution rate of India be?
Why does the government regulate abortion?
What should I do with my inherited knowledge of the Russian language? I have never used it that much.
What is global governance 2025?
When will Cartosat-3 data be launched for execution of government projects like NUIS and DILRMP?
Which government organisation in India (specifically government banks like SBI) provides 100% medical reimbursement for family members?
Why is the Indian Government very slow in providing justice?
What do you mean by government finance?
Do you think there is disproportionate interest in the Executive branch of the US government?
Do you really think the Americans would want a Queen instead of democracy?
What is the involvement of a government in an e-commerce startup?
Why does the Mumbai government not shun slums which are a major cause of crime and pollution?
What are all the ways a person's assets can be frozen? Examples include lawsuits, judgements from governmental agencies, etc.
Is a Delhi police employee a central government civilian employee?
What has changed during the 3 years of the Modi government?
Why is the Government of India worried about gold imports? How is it affecting trade deficit? What kind of policy does the government need to implement?
Can I file a PIL against the party based democracy and its working by giving my views that partyless democracy works better?
Why do governments have difficulty giving their people large cash grants to better survive instead of spending on wasteful projects?
How can government do changes in current education system?
Why do most economists believe​ that post-demonetization GDP facts by the Modi government have been altered?
How do l deal with those Government officers who sneak in my personal stuff which I hate?
What's your experience of the Indian Government's website/app on governance (MyGov/NaMo)?
What is the world's largest administrative/government database?
What steps should be taken by the government and by the youth themselves to eradicate 'youth unemployment' from India (from 2017 onwards)?
If you could make any political reform in any country right now, which country would it be and what would you change?
Why are there so many government service centers, nowadays, in India?
What are the “executive” and the “legislature”? Why does the responsibility of the executive change in a presidential system compared to a parliamentary system?
How can we file a complaint regarding labour law? Is there any dedicated government agency who can help for HR related queries? Is there any email ID?
What do governments do when their agencies or offices are hacked into and they find out that it is an external state actor? Do they confront their ambassador?
Which employees are covered in class I under Haryana government?
What would be the facilities for the local level elected person in Nepal?
It's been around 3 years for Modi's government, what is the biggest achievement till date?
What are the functions of a governing board of an NGO?
Is this type of federalism practicable in Nepal?
How did Joseph Stalin overthrow the government?
What world leaders threw their government into chaos and/or disastrous political failure the quickest?
What type of government does Israel have?
Is there any way of providing government-level cybersecurity to end users at a low price internationally?
What is it like to pursue a career in Regulatory Affairs?
What are challenges in urban water governance for Dhaka as a mega city?
Is there any truth to the idea that if your invention idea is too brilliant, the goverment might try and actually snuff you or your invention out?
What are the different forms of government around the world?
What are the disadvantages of a back paper in the AKTU for PSU?
Should the government outlaw Uber?
How does government housing work in America?
Did American founders invent the presidential system of government?
How do I get instant notification regarding the latest central government jobs and AP State government jobs?
What steps have been taken by the government to work on the rural development in Pakistan?
Is the Modi government not anti-farmer? Just like the farmers have been fooled by telling the scheme of a fraudulent insurance plan.
What are your concerns and reservations about the Lagos State Government reforms in the transportation sector later this year?
Are there any countries that have no governments ruling them?
What are your worst experiences with government babus?
Which country has the most benign government?
Why isn’t the Indian government taking the necessary steps to prevent Indians from being murdered by Americans?
Why do politicians build family dynasties in the name of democracy?
Which congresspeople voted against the Saving American Democracy Amendment?
Why is the central government imposing Hindi on South India?
Why are public governmental aids against being an enterpreneur?
How do managers maintain staff retention in their government departments?
Do any of the world's governments or space agencies have plans in case of an apocalyptic-sized asteroid being on a collision course with Earth?
When will the Indian Government or IRB developers stop collecting toll tax on Ahmedabad-Vadodara Express Way in Gujarat?
Why is it bad for a government to invest in companies, as with the bailout of AIG?
How can I know if someone currently works for the Federal Government?
How can trust be restored in American government and public industries?
Why do Democrats think it helps the poor for the government to take people's money and merely talk about how much the money might help the poor?
Is there a government ideology that is often forgotten?
Why is it that all governments don't provide free food to everyone?
What is the value of spending public funds on discovering the origin of inanimate objects?
If the US government found evidence of space aliens, would they publicize it or would they cover it up?
Is a lean socialist government possible?
How would the world react if Trump was reelected?
Isn’t it time that we helped Iran out of the cold and into the light?
How would you turn your country into a complete dictatorship?
What is not a power of the federal government?
What might happen to countries if they suddenly let young people in their thirties run the government and even be presidents and prime ministers?
Why is Obamacare premium rising inspite of government providing subsidies?
What do you know or think about Nigerian government and the governed?
What documentation is required for architect to register in government departments in M.P.?
What is your best advice to poor nations? What should their governments and people be focusing on the most?
What are the steps taken by Modi government to seal India Pakistan border?
Why do some European governments not use the best practice and benchmarking methods to improve their governance?
How can the government fight against the issue of aging population?
Is there still a partial government seat in PSG?
Do people becomes corrupt after getting government jobs?
In layman's terms, how does the provincial government work?
Why is Modi government spending so much for minorities?
Which action is likely to be taken by the government to avenge the recent attack by Pakistan's Border Action Team?
Why do NGOs seem have good ideas for solving world problems than most governments?
In a parliamentary system, why is the "government" considered a separate entity from the parliament?
Do Americans feel that the 2nd Amendment could stop a 'corrupt and abusive government'?
Trump accused the Democrats last week of wanting to shut down the government. But why does he now want to shut down the government?
Is it possible for the ruling government to alter general election results in Malaysia?
Why aren’t governments placing a ban on bitcoins, considering the recent cyber attacks?
When will America's authoritarian government be replaced with a democracy?
Should I quit my job if it was at a corrupt government in a corrupt country?
In which type of system are people allowed to own property and operate businesses with little government influence?
Is there any PR firm working for the government sector?
Should we be always on "the watchout"?
How does the US government manage to take some random guys on an EDV basis?
Why is the government interested in the growth of the service sector & not in favour of production?
Why is the Central government of India more powerful?
Why do some govts. have a Ministry of Happiness, and what are they for?
What if one day Artifical Intelligence form our government, what will you do?
Is a CCC NSIC certificate useful for high level government jobs?
How long would it take to receive an answer from a Swedish Ministry?
Is it true that the American government kills foreign people?
Why aren’t international organisations paying attention to religious intolerance by the Islamist Malaysian government?
Who would largely encourage corrupt systems in Indian government offices? And why do they thrive as if it's some sort of standard practice?
Why does the Indian government want to implement the January-December format?
How will the latest government ordinance help in the resolution of bad loans?
No objection certificate is required for a central govt employee before getting a passport, correct?
What do you think was the most significant policy change after the Howard government (preferably not regarding refugees)?
What are the challenges in implementing ICT projects in government organisations?
Corruption can't seem to be eradicated. Is there not a system of governance that can completely "avoid" it then?
Did the Indian democracy run with casteism? Can the Indian democracy run beside any one religion?
What is your opinion on the government manipulating the markets by hiking the interest rates as it wishes?
Why is the nationalisation of Royal Mail etc. so expensive for the government?
He said young people do not suit key positions in the governmental departments of countries. Can I use "legislation" to replace the governmental departments?
How did medieval historians view the democracies and republics of the classical world?
What should local government do?
Is homosexuality illegal in most Muslim countries (if not all)? Is it because of the religion or because of the countries or governments themselves?
Which is the best central government job in india?
Is democracy as we know it in demise?
What was the first form of self-government in the colonies?
Is democracy possible without capitalism?
What services should be provided by the government and what should be left to the free market?
Should parliament or the SC ban all types of bans imposed by the different states or the union government?
Why has the central government increased the metro fare in Delhi?
Does ITER, SOA University have all the government approvals?
What type of federal system do we have in India?
What are private military companies, the legal definition of it? And most importantly, can they be included under a branch of government for regulation?
How would you sum up the communist government?
Is it wrong to question the action or inaction of the government, military and judiciary in a democratic country like India?
Why don't liberal states support the call for a convention of states to limit the power of the federal government?
How does government support conferences and exhibitions?
How do I get a central government job after an M.Tech biotechnology?
Which job is better, one in the central government or one in the state government?
What action will be taken by by the government for the students if their university caught on fire?
Has the representative democracy failed in America?
Now that almost literally everyone has access to the internet, why doesn't the U.S. have all citizens vote individually on legislation?
In layman's, terms how do the provincial governments work in Canada?
Why is the Feku government silent on the layoffs in the IT sector?
Does the Constitution contain provisions that preserved slavery?
When do you suppose artificial intelligence will start playing an active role in government, and in which areas might it debut?
Would the United States benefit from limiting the power of the executive branch of its government further?
What is the revised pay matrix 2017 for central government employees? Will it create some more anomalies?
Was Rome a dictatorship?
Is the bureaucracy failing democracy in India? Farmers are committing suicide every day. The bureaucracy is expanding its salaries.
How much time would it take for a government to force the people of their nation to change their native language to some other language?
Will Indian Muslims be happy under an Islamic government in India or instead under a secular and democratic government?
Why aren't companies charged with bribery when they pay millions of dollars to politicians whose political beliefs align with those certain companies?
Do U.S. auto manufacturers receive subsidies from the government?
Why do governments not encourage vigilantes?
Why can’t we change the parliamentary system of India?
Is it in the best interest of the people of the USA to have politicians and mainstream media delay the government’s work?
Why doesn't America become an authoritarian government like China?
Why is government not making BIM mandatory in India like our countries did in world?
Why do we not hold our elected officials accountable?
Can good governance exist with populism and clientelism?
What will be the consequence if the government distributes all the country’s budget to the accounts of its citizens equally?
Why do some people think contrails are chemicals dumped in the air from our government?
Are corrupt practices in government departments reduced after demonetization? Would someone like to share their recent experience anonymously?
Who are Nepal’s sherpas? Why are they fighting the government?
If you had your own country, how would you design your governmental headquarters?
Is being governor basically being the president of your state?
What is democracy? What are two features of democracy?
Why do British governments ignore the views of Teachers and Doctors when formulating Education and Health policies?
How do I take loan from united states government as an international applicant to Umass?
Why is Erdogan considered to be a dictator?
Would you prefer your state to remove and deport people with different political persuasions to make it a unified government?
What are the main reasons we prefer a parliamentary system?
How do government tenders work in the UAE, and can foreign nationals bid on them?
What happens when government redistributes wealth from rich people to the less fortunate?
What are three practical steps we all could take to fix the broken US government?
What is your experience of lobbying for a favor with any of the government?
Why can't the ACLU be tried for treason for constantly suing the government?
Will India develop fast if it becomes dictatorial under our respectful prime minister?
Why does the China Government keep any religious facilities across the nation despite their sole Communism ideology?
Do the biometric identification cards issued by the government to the public contain tracking chips?
What are some examples of governmental institutions?
Should the U.S. government regulate children’s names like they do in other countries?
What if there was no government?
Why do US presidents travel with so much security, especially overseas? Don't they trust foreign governments?
Is monarchy a better form of government for a country like India?
How authoritarian is the American government?
How is a government started?
Why is Indian democracy so corrupt?
Should School superintendents be elected officials?
What Indian government is doing to stop overpopulation despite knowing the fact that it is some really serious issue for the country?
Is all democracy oligarchy in nature?
Do politicians in India force government officers (like IAS) to do certain tasks?
What does the local government do with taxes?
Why is the federal government in the health care business?
What are some bills being debated in congress?
What should the Pakistani government do to fight Indian conspiracies?
What are the upcoming jobs that the Modi government is going to release? Which engineering branch will they be related to?
How much did the pre-modern governments/monarchs or academics understand about inflation?
How can taxpayers enforce delivery of basic service from the government?
How does the judiciary branch have control over the executive branch?
Can the Indian government be held liable for taking action against an employee?
Is Campaign for Judicial Accountability and Reform (CJAR) a government body?
How does Singapore prevent government corruption by corporations?
How do foreigners see India's diversity and democracy? As a democracy, how successful have we been? How has democracy served India?
What is the federalist system of government?
Could a "tax haven" for businesses exist in Earth’s orbit, or on the Moon?
What makes some people steal from their government?
Can mass media be used to brainwash citizens to push a government's agenda and to increase consumerism? If yes, can you give some examples?
How did the US government respond to the Great Depression?
How much are the liberal policies of the previous years' government responsible for the state of India today?
If a congressman turns off phones paid for by the U.S. government and normally answered by government employees, is that criminal misuse of funds?
What percentage of the State Bank of India’s shares does the government own?
Why is the central government unable to handle the Kashmir issue even though they are part of the JK-led state government?
If you could live without the government bothering you, how would you choose to live?
What are the most innovative approaches to measuring the impact of public investments in emerging technology like AI, genetics, neuroscience, and Blockchain?
Should goverment legislate to close the gender pay gaps?
Why is almost a third of US government spending discretionary and not transparent to the people?
Is there any public portal where the government provides the rationale behind any policy change it does? If not shouldn't we ask for it?
How would the concept of Lebensbraum be applied in modern governments?
Are government guest houses open for all?
Were the Southern state governments truly representative of their people in 1860, as only landowners and males could vote in some states?
Is there a country which follows Islamic principles of governance that can be considered a success in the modern world?
How can a government ever get a grip on cryptocurrencies for taxing purposes?
What are schemes introduced by the government to encourage entrepreneurship in India?
How do I access government data API's?
What has been the Indian government’s biggest failure?
What would happen if the whole world had one government, no borders, and one supreme leader?
Why don’t parliamentarians clap in the house?
Why don't governments all around the world impose amortization requirements, like the Swedish government, to lower household debt levels?
Should a representative democracy be considered part of the commons?
Why is the union government not responding to the southern India drought crisis?
What do investors look out for when buying government bonds?
What type of government does Israel have?
I'm familiar with the UN, NATO and the world court. What other organs of world government (or quasi-world government) are already extant?
What can replace democracy and the capitalistic culture that is failing globally due to corruption and lack of leaders (who have become politicians)?
Could a cult "register" as a religion with the government so they would not pay taxes?
What is the recruitment policy imposed by Indian government for foreign companies?
What do you think of the non-partisan politics?
What are the government permissions/licenses required before opening a transport (logistics) business in Tamil Nadu?
How does nationalization of firms work?
Hobbes, Locke, and Rousseau, who had the most accurate theory of government, according to biblical scripture?
How is the Uttarakhand government prepared to prevent the fall of the Tehri Dam due to earthquakes?
Why doesn't the government use spy satellites to trace the Maoists (Naxalites) and then attack them?
How do dictatorships become free?
Which is the best circle online for giving government feedback on LED subsidy?
Can we trust statistics provided in the government websites?
Is Thailand on its way back to democracy? And will will the new constitution put Thailand on a path to democracy? Or further political uncertainty?
How does privatization of government agencies work?
How large is the American domestic security budget in comparison to the national defense budget? What organs of government should be counted?
If the US government can tell states to allow gay marriage, can it also tell states to stop collecting state taxes?
Is there a URL or a government site where I can directly integrate my application for Aadhaar validation with related information?
Can Tunisian democracy survive Islamism?
How can the UK avoid becoming a de facto totalitarian dictatorship?
Why is the Modi government not taking any strict action against the Naxalites involved in the Sukma attack?
What is the one world government that is going to be formed under the European union about?
Is Togo a democracy?
Why does China need authoritarians?
If we were to start a petition for an amendment about reservation for better compatibility with contemporary society, then would the government take action on it?
Why did Federalists want a strong federal government?
Who decides upon the pension for central govt. employees?
Why doesn't the Indian government or the state government relocate street dogs?
If the government makes a rule that there are no taxes in India. Will the CA's have work?
Should America abolish the federal government?
What is your view on Indian government providing free treatment for AIDS patients, not for other disorders?
How helpful/useful are the current Indian central/state government policies for a startup from an IT startup perspective?
Where do our tax dollars go? And is there a breakdown of how the US government spends our money?
Who does the manual (or low skilled) jobs in developed countries like the US where most people are educated?
Why doesn’t the BJP take quick action on the ban on plastic, pesticides, chemical foods, garbage and potholes like they took quick action on demonetization?
Has the success of the ACLU improved its credibility, power and influence?
Is the UDAN scheme a waste of tax payers money?
Is BJP government in Maharashtra treating people fairly?
Why can't we impose President's rule in Jammu and Kashmir?
Which grade is given for the technical officer, as a Central Government employee?
Are IT jobs better than government jobs? What is your perception?
Has any ethnic Bengali held a position at any level in the Pakistan Government post-71?
Are there any countries that have no governments ruling them?
Does KV give admission for the students whose fathers are not government employees?
Do companies not apply for SBIR/STTR grants because the government/military is known for stealing technologies?
Why did government never allow us to print their money for ourselves?
What should democracy be like?
Has the time come to establish military dictatorship in India?
Have the police ever caused harm to the government of a country in the past?
Which is more corrupt, the Indian government or the Pakistani government?
Why did the government disallow live shows at JN Stadium in Shillong?
Has the power sector in India shown significant growth and development in the 3 years of the Modi government?
What are the steps to be taken for minimizing the road accidents in our country?
What are the public databases and APIs that governments provide and a developer could use?
Why do politicians build family dynasties in the name of democracy?
What do you think of the idea of Wiki Government?
Do private enterprises exist in command economies? If yes, does the government decide what goods and services these private firms will produce?
County government is made up of what?
Do governments inject money into the economy in correlation to inflation?
In what ways is the US federal government efficient (or not)?
To what extent should the government interfere with the economy during a time of recession?
Why doesn’t the government declare an emergency and ban reservation?
Why is the world (government) not doing anything for the poor?
Why did the Government of India Act 1935 make elections compulsory, if the British were ruling India?
How does a mix of public and private funding support democracy and economic stability in a political campaign?
Wouldn’t it be better if the government were to buy the farmers’ crops rather than paying their loans?
What is the role of government in the circular flow of income?
Are individuals, institutions or governments who knowingly justify murderers for self interests guilty of collaborating in capital crimes?
How would Wales respond to the block that just happened by the Turkish government?
Why no one is questioning government policy on Kashmir and death of Indian soldiers?
Is SRMS private or government?
Why do dictatorships have mock elections, why don't they embrace who they are?
Can your category be changed after joining government service?
Why are Indian government employees richer than Google employees?
Can a government servant take leave in continuation of a tour abroad?
What steps are the Indian Government taking to foster investments in the Indian food processing sector?
I am working as a government servant. How can I get my salary slip?
Is communism reviving?
What type of government gives citizen the same rights as the US but has a dictator?
Why doesn't the government of India use its Forex reserves to reduce the external debt and improve the Indian credit rating, thereby giving a boost to FDI?
Why do the BJP government reduced vacancies by 70% and betrayed youth?
In spite of proliferation of public private partnerships, which has reduced government expenses, why are our tax rates rising?
Is the U.S. federal government an efficient and democratic government?
What is the importance of legislative branch leaders?
How do the different types of government around the world differ?
Who exactly decided the Brits couldn't have guns, the people or the Parliament?
Who is running for governor of the state of Georgia?
Why should the government support small and medium entrepreneurs?
What would be the effect of splitting a legislative branch into 7 separate legislatures dealing with specific types of legislation?
What were the advantages and disadvantages of mass democracy?
Why can’t Barcelona ban bullfighting?
If the government is serious about weeding out corruption in India, why don't they install CCTV cameras with mics in all of the government offices?
What type of government would an advanced extra terrestrial species have in place?
Why do listed companies need to have corporate governance?
What role will China play in Pakistan's upcoming General Election 2018​? Will the new government formation be directly/indirectly influenced by China?
In order to raise funds for the NHS and state schools, should the government revive the financial transactions ‘Robin Hood’ tax?
What are the laws about 3D mapping and modelling of private buildings, government buildings, and road structures in India?
What are the government jobs that seek only applicants who have graduated?
What kind of information could bring down a dictatorship?
What is an allied government?
How corrupt and insincere are the people of your country?(This is a survey question to get more insights about your country.)
Does the US government still hate communism?
What is an example of a political position that is anti-government and anti-market at the same time?
When will Modi take action on Maoists and terrorists?
What is regulatory governance?
If you could create your own island nation what would it be like?
How is the government influenced?
What if the US chose a parliamentary republic instead of a presidential republic in 1788?
Should the government provide free birth control?
How much money does the UK government invest in R&D annually?
Why does the government have disability benefits? Is it our fault if a person has, for example, epilepsy or is overweight?
Can a government bank employee, or any government employee in India, get suspended for low performance?
What is an “ex gratia payment”?
What have been the biggest failures of Narendra Modi's government?
How did the Indian government combat the ULFA in Assam?
What is the law to govern tribal areas in the Indian Constitution?
What techniques do governments use if they have to block some sites in the country?
How do I get a job in the government sector, after doing M.Pharm?
Does the US government have exemption of informed consent in experimentation?
Should the government need to make a regulation for every single 'company' to implement CSR?
Is it possible that The Economist magazine’s news could be influenced by any corporation or government for their own benefit?
What are the real duties and powers of an MLA (Member of Legislative Assembly) in India?
Do you support the government ban on websites and YouTube showing movies for free?
Who are some of the notable cultural critics of Indian democracy?
What do Awdesh Singh, GV and Balaji think about owning a job, doing a private job and, of course, doing a government job?
Why is Russia referred to as a non-democracy and the United States is referred to as a democracy?
How does one overthrow a government and establish a new dictatorship?
How the government select the state bird, animal , tree and others ?
Has anyone ever sued the US government over its drug laws?
How competent is Kazakhstan’s government in terms of economic policy?
What is the age relaxation for the CPF exam for Central Government employees? Must one have done the required service duration, or can he apply upon the date of joining?
What are the characteristics of government overseas contracting job?
How do corrupt officials get punished?
How did democracy spread after the USSR fell?
Why do we have a government that responds to effects rather than causes?
Why is the dowry overhyped with government jobs?
Is there any change in the working of diplomats with the change of government in their respective country?
Is India ready for a libertarian government? Is it ready to leave banking, businesses, agriculture and every service to private except for the Army and police force?
I just completed my postgraduate degree (Master of Social Work). How do I get a government job now?
Can democracy stand in a nation state that has a decaying middle class?
What does your country’s government headquarters look like?
Is it possible to hand governing power back to the monarch in the United Kingdom and dissolve power from Parliament?
Does a private sector employee don't have time for his family?
What would happen if the Central Government sealed the LOC tightly and left Kashmir on its own, by cutting all extra packages and removing the military?
For a central government job, can I apply state government approved caste certificate?
Why is Anna Hazare waiting to assess the central government whereas he is very critical of the Delhi government just after 2 years?
Why doesn't the Himachal Pradesh Congress government legalise homosexuality in their state before the next state assembly elections?
Why is the USA government pro-Gulen and anti-Erdogan?
Is social democracy really a form of socialism?
What civil disobedience tactics can residents of countries having dictatorships use to advance towards democracy?
How do I apply for internships in a government department information systems sector?
What guidance should a government of a country adopt while making a financial policy?
Can the Chinese government charge any foreigner with spying?
From a native perspective, is there anything substantially different between the U.S. and Canadian governments’ relations with reservations?
Why is Indian government not taking any action against Pakistani troops who mutilated our soldiers multiple times? Don't you think it's high time?
How did war bonds benefit the government?
Should I be a lawyer or a government staff?
How has the BJP-led government failed?
Do alcohol companies bribe state governments to increase the number of alcohol shops? How can we reduce them?
"Cases of corruption by government servants should be treated as cases of treason as they betray their country". What is your viewpoint on this?
Why don’t people revise government policies when they know that they are wrong?
What are the benefits provided to media houses by government?
What are the milestone changes that were made by the NaMo government on business in India?
If Superhumans were created through advanced tech, what branch of American government would be in charge of utilising these new assets?
Is there any reservation for ex-servicemen in Group B government jobs?
Group B Gazetted is equivalent to which class of officer in central government?
What do people think about NITI Aayog’s suggestion of outsourcing government services and bringing in private sector talent?
How can we scale representative government to modern population sizes without making it impersonal & sacrificing civic engagement?
Are referendums bad for democracy?
The government isn't giving me my tax return and basically 'let' a school stop putting through my student loan. What do I do?
What role did Congress and the BJP government play in the Kashmir riots?
What would happen if Kim Jong-un committed suicide?
Is communism good or bad for a country like India?
If Indian agriculture is a gamble with the monsoons, what steps is our government taking to make it safe?
Can a state government employee in India be arrested?
What if aliens are hiding from us?
Why do Democrats want to add to the national debt by demanding more government care in making sure of "discrimination" (ha ha) against gays?
Why was it important for the government to sell war bonds?
Why is there no serious action against cow rakshaks who terrorize people and spread hatred?
Do you think that there will ever be a true meritocratic technocracy?
Should the residents of a neighborhood be allowed to control how the government uses the land in their neighbourhood?
Why is the government not taking hydrocarbon from garbage in the mega-cities, like they are doing in Sweden?
Why didn’t the central government make Labour Day a holiday?
What do liberals think is the ideal government spending as a percent of GDP?
Is work in Ahmedabad Metro a government job?
Why are there so many remaining vacancies in the US federal government’s key jobs?
What actions should be taken against people who misused the government money?
When does the government plan to completely ban BSIII vehicles?
What is better: do private practice as an architect or be a government employee through SSC or UPSC?
Is there not much difference between the fees of government and private colleges for doing LLB in law?
Should the Indian government link the donations made for political funding with the Aadhar?
How should Government deal with open Nalas/Drains/streams that are passing through the city?
Should politicians who advocate for war, be required to send their own children to the front-lines?
Why don’t parliamentarians clap in the house?
If you were immortal, are you really in danger by nefarious governments?
How much does a scientist in the government earn?
What are modern day examples of the separation of powers in the US government?
How many government agencies are there in the Philippines?
Which country was the first to have a democracy?
How is the Uttarakhand government prepared to prevent the fall of the Tehri Dam due to earthquakes?
How do dictatorships become free?
Which is the best circle online for giving government feedback on LED subsidy?
How can some make illegal money in a government funded IT project?
Is z+ security government approved?
What are the good things that BJP-led central government has inherited from its predecessor, the UPA government?
What are the incentives for taking over the world?
If the US government can tell states to allow gay marriage, can it also tell states to stop collecting state taxes?
How are government welfare schemes implemented in India from the centre to the village level?
How can governments, especially the British keep telling us terrorism will not change our lives?
What are the main principles of the constitution?
Now that Republicans control the federal government, will they repeal any firearms laws?
What are the benefit of running an open Government?
Which organ of the government is in charge of the execution of the government’s policies?
Where on this earth can I live freely without a government’s control?
What percentage of the population in the United States believes that democracy and republic are antagonist notions?
What benefits do people with disabilities get from the government in India?
What are some dissertation topics on corporate governance?
On what points should the Indian government work on to become a leader of first-world countries?
How do we get passport renewal NOC from a government organization if the employee is currently suspended and under departmental inquiry?
Why does the Indian government fail to catch bad people who live in foreign countries?
What is the Modi government's stance against mass layoffs in the IT industry?
How long does it take to receive survivors’ benefits from the US government?
Are the citizens in Portugal pleased with their government?
Do companies not apply for SBIR/STTR grants because the government/military is known for stealing technologies?
Is there any way to know if the government is spying on me?
Why did the government not take action regarding Kasmiri Pandit?
Why were governments formed?
In what circumstances would the federal government hire a felon?
What were the best policies of the previous Congress government, in comparison to the current BJP government?
What is Bolivia's type of government?
Why can't anyone see the government’s corruption?
Did the spending bill pass, and is the government going to shut down?
What happens to government officials or agents abroad if a country collapses?
Is Swiss democracy the perfect democracy?
Does the government provide funds to young startups in the educational field?
What steps have the government taken to improve the condition of construction workers?
Which branch should I prefer for a government job?
How can a free democracy protect itself from the deep state?
What is the in-hand salary of a government TGT teacher? How will it increase?
What are the recent evidences of existence of a one world government/Illuminati/shadow government?
What could Malaysia government do to increase the public safety?
Is communism reviving?
Is India's relatively stable democracy one of the greatest political miracles of all time?
What is bad about democracy?
Would it be possible to turn the USA to a dictatorship, if possible how?
Who is running for governor of the state of Georgia?
What are some measures being taken by African governments to combat Wildlife poaching?
Can I open 2 NPS accounts in government service?
Why does Indian government put restrictions on import of gold?
Why can’t Barcelona ban bullfighting?
Is there any evidence that a Head of Government, negotiating with a foreign power, is strengthened when they have a large majority in the legislature?
What is the purpose of a unitary government?
Which steps could be taken by the government in order to reduce the consumption of a product that is harmful to our health?
Can culture contribute to poor governance?
Why is an autocratic government better than a democratic government for economic growth?
What is an allied government?
What are some examples of a unitary state?
What if Mexico was the fascist dictatorship that started World War II?
Who do democrats think is more holy, Jesus or the government?
Why doesn't the government do more to fight multiculturalism?
How are autocracy and democracy alike?
Why is the BJP government keen on suppressing the Keezhadi Archaeological site research?
What are some examples of wasteful government expenditures?
Why is OROP only implemented with Indian soldiers and not to other government officials in the post office, railways, etc.?
How does one overthrow a government and establish a new dictatorship?
Why did the BJP government fall?
Are there any countries with democracies that are getting stronger?
What do you call a failure of government to efficiently allocate resources?
Why do "Government Employees" scuttle the procedures while getting the things done in stipulated period?
How does the UDAN scheme of the Union Government work?
Why don't the Indian government subsidize big budget movies like Bahuballi?
How do I get an unemployed youth stipend from the Tamil Nadu government?
In companies and governments, why do we have one person at the top rather than a group?
How probable is the fact that governments anti-tobacco campaign is a well prepared cover up of an excuse for this huge and growing tax revenue source?
How can I fight against the administration?
What are the operational differences between a crown corporation and a government corporation/ministry?
Is Israel a model democracy?
How will the government make sure a composition firm in GST regime is actually liable for composition scheme and not regular tax scheme?
Has a government funded programs that explore precognition in human beings?
Why should hillbilly states like Alabama and Kansas have the same congressional representation as larger civilized states?
Are we going to see an unexpected move from Indian Government to handle Pakistan, in couple of days?
Do you think the government will shut down on Friday, May 5th, 2017?
What guidance should a government of a country adopt while making a financial policy?
Since macroeconomic models cannot predict the future, are they then just rationalizations of government and business decisions?
How is seniority of a state/central government employee decided and is there any special provision for the Police Department?
Why does Austria have a federal system of government despite being small?
How can hackers crash economies, destroy governments and bring society to its knees?
Did Loyalist paramilitaries obtain weapons from foreign governments?
Is Bharat Sevak Samaajh (BSS) a government organization? Does having a job at BSS mean you are a government employee?
What are the sources of income for the government of an undeveloped country?
Why isn’t the Indian government taking any action against the growing population?
How has government intervention improved the quality and price of healthcare in the US since the 1950's?
What happened in the Russian government between 1920 and 1922?
What type of economic system is most supported by economists?
How can I contact the head of the Indian government?
What can be the impact of a really good speech delivered by a federal government official?
Why is it important to apply the democratic principles to the governance of corporations?
Why doesn't the government make it illegal for the misuse of antibiotics in slaughterhouses? They’re creating superbugs while feeding us crap.
What are the milestone changes that were made by the NaMo government on business in India?
What is the demand of government bus drivers in Tamil Nadu?
Would children be dissuaded from buying hash and other narcotics if the government said it can be legally purchased in large quantities?
Can the state government (or) individual ministries provide tax benefits for receiving CSR donations?
How is appointment by president different from appointment by central government?
Is it possible that alternative forms of communism would work? Can you think of similar approaches?
What does government and politics mean to you?
What is democracy? What are its characteristics?
What will happen to BITS Pilani if the government passes a law for reservation in private-deemed colleges?
How does [can] the Russian government influence foreign elections?
Why do we need a legislative council?
Is it necessary for an Anglo-Indian to be a resident of a concerned state to be nominated as a member of their legislative council?
How do governments compete?
Can a government employee do trading in India?
Why does the government care more for physical maturity than mental maturity?
How do I get rich from the government?
Do people have the government they deserve?
What is community government?
Why is the government not taking hydrocarbon from garbage in the mega-cities, like they are doing in Sweden?
Does Trump have no shame for firing a good man like Comey?
Why is the government not implementing rainwater harvesting projects on a national scale, in order to deal with water shortages?
What is the unitary system of government characterized for?
Which article of the Constitution of India allows for the government to take over of private enterprises at will?
Would billionaires exist without the aid of government regulation?
Should the Indian government link the donations made for political funding with the Aadhar?
How strong is the correlation between national secularism and government corruption?
Do you think the Indian parliamentary system​ needs to be scrapped?
What are the conditions for generating a government electrical license?
Is ISBF Delhi a government institute?
What are the key achievements of the Modi government after three years in power?
What can replace democracy and the capitalistic culture that is failing globally due to corruption and lack of leaders (who have become politicians)?
What types of problems can the state government resolve?
Could a cult "register" as a religion with the government so they would not pay taxes?
What steps should be taken by the Indian government to stop the attacks on foreign women visitors?
How does privatization of government agencies work?
Why did the British government build the Indian Railways system?
What are the top 5 competencies that are necessary to be a CPA in the government?
Is the US government still in a state of emergency?
Where do our tax dollars go? And is there a breakdown of how the US government spends our money?
Why doesn’t the BJP take quick action on the ban on plastic, pesticides, chemical foods, garbage and potholes like they took quick action on demonetization?
Which has more control over Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland: the Westminster government or the devolved governments?
What is the government doing to promote entrepreneurship in Kenya?
Is BJP government in Maharashtra treating people fairly?
If Republicans/Libertarians seek less government, putting financing of public services on the states, isn't secession the solution?
Can a government employ take the study leave?
Are IT jobs better than government jobs? What is your perception?
Is the Philippines an oligarchy?
What form of government would you like to have in your country?
Has any ethnic Bengali held a position at any level in the Pakistan Government post-71?
Exactly what constitutes treason? Is foreign government hacking not a form of warfare?
Does KV give admission for the students whose fathers are not government employees?
Why does government privatise PSUs when they make so much profit?
Why can't the government give more power to IAS officers over politicians?
Why has the central government in India been given more power than state governments?
I want to show businesses where they are not compliant before the government tracks them down. How and where could I market this?
Why does FARC rebel against the Colombian government?
Who has the power in communism?
Is there any scope of an interior designer in government sector?
What can we learn about life from pragmatic governments?
Why do governments borrow money instead of printing it?
Whats Martial law?
What is one of the most prominent mistakes made by a government official in the United States?
Why doesn’t the government declare an emergency and ban reservation?
Why are Indians addicted to government jobs?
How different is the democracy between Indonesia and Norway?
What role should governments play in investing in startups?
What is subsidence?
Why is cash printed by governments?
If I travelled back in time 20 years to the past and got stuck, how would I prove my identity to a government?
Will the Indian Government privatize Oil India?
Under what authority could the Governor-General of India annex a state under the Doctrine of Lapse?
Which government authorities are responsible for setting a plant?
Why does the Indian government not take any steps against separatists?
Do government entities arise from citizen demand for more government?
What do Kashmir separatists plan to do if they get Kashmir?
How do I get a Central OBC Certificate for a Central Govt. Recruitment post online? What are the procedures needed for an offline post if the online option is unavailable?
Why can't the government selling liquor to citizens be challenged in court?
Why have the citizens of India become so impatient? They glorify and criticize the government after each incident.
What can government agencies, private companies, and individuals do to alleviate global warming?
Who is getting the highest salary in the Government of India?
Is the government of India running any scheme for English?
Is the Indian government showing a very lenient attitude towards the Pakistani government?
Is ISI a government institute?
How can you seek help from the USA government?
What type of government would an advanced extra terrestrial species have in place?
How can liberal progressives make a case for more government intervention in our lives and at the same time hate the president?
Why was the Qing government so hated?
Will a unified world government ever happen?
How can I know if a person (say, Mr. A) currently works for the Federal government?
What is the minimum amount of time that has been observed to implement an infrastructure with government support in a corrupted country?
How can governments properly assess whether their Countering Violent Extremism (CVE) programs work?
How important is change in life and in governance (politics)?
When will Modi take action on Maoists and terrorists?
What is the best way to exposed the government?
Why doesn't our government use forts and palaces as a workplace?
What do you think of the government of Armenia?
Should presidents be held accountable for racist and defamatory remarks against their peers and other government officials?
What is the correlation between prosperity of the economy and form of government?
How can you become a government employee?
How would you appraise your current government?
What would Plato have thought of US democracy today?
Is Australia really a true democracy?
Why is there a slowdown in the market even when BJP's central government is providing facilities?
How the government select the state bird, animal , tree and others ?
How did democracy spread after the USSR fell?
How good is the performance of yogi government?
Why is the MP government banning lifting sand from rivers?
Should Canadians lecture Americans more about the government and the awful behavior towards Canadians?
What are modern day examples of Judicial Review in the US Government?
What will be the impact of the tax cut by the American government on Indian markets?
How do you rate the performance of the Modi government after 3 years?
If you needed a legal agreement between you and someone else, what do you need to do?
Which are the government jobs in medical?
Do Iranians support an American invasion to overthrow their dictator government and establish a democratic republic?
Is the Chinese government challenging the notion that democracy is the best governing system?
Why do government sector banks and public sector companies spend on advertisements in metro trains or public offices?
Why would you like to join the government sector?
How do the 3 different forms of government work?
How would the Chinese government react if Vietnam decided to promote democracy and become an American ally?
How can I contact people in government and/or policymaking positions to interview them for my thesis in economics?
What established the federal system of government in Australia?
What brought an end to the Taiwanese dictatorship?
What is the defining characteristic of a federal system of government?
What's the real aim of the Chinese government’s restriction in selling and buying houses?
How does Olson’s logic of collective action explain why democracy can be reverted to authoritarian rule?
How do I apply for internships in a government department information systems sector?
Why is it important to get Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac out of government ownership?
Do you have a positive impression about your government overall?
If a libertarian document like the US constitution could not prevent slavery, should an attempt to limit the government be considered futile?
How does the government track me online?
Can you critically analyse the Modi government's performance?
How can democracy best be protected?
How has the BJP-led government failed?
What are the best methods IAS officers should adopt and the government should implement to protect the officers from life threats?
When will there be a time when a state or the government issues visas to your country of choice to avoid poverty, unemployment, and prejudice?
I lose thousands of dollars a year in federal, state, and local taxes. Isn't that money better than anything the government could promise to give me?
Where is direct democracy possible?
Can government ask a PSU employee to leave its constitutionally provided reservation?
How is a new government made?
Are there any faults at all under the Modi government?
How many new courts is the Modi government making? What is the average time for verdicts now?
Does anyone still feel that a congressional government is better than the current Modi Sarkar government? Why?
Why were both political parties so keen on dumping their leader while in government in the 10 years after the Howard government?
Could someone build a corporation that is able to influence/alter a government decision?
If people’s individual rights are protected by the government, is it the people's responsibility to protect the people from structural violence?
Are there any corporations owned by multiple governments?
Is the lottery really just another giant scheme that the government conjured up to help line their pockets?
Why is limited government considered good?
How do fake markets, like in Shanghai or even New York, exist? And how do they import the fake stuff? Why does the government nothing against it?
Why is the Indian government soft on Maoists?
How did the Australian public service change in the years since the fall of the Howard government?
Does the Chinese government give money to the aged on a monthly basis?
What conditions or measures would encourage there to be a greater amount of whistleblowers in the US government?
What has the Indian government done to improve in-flight services provided by Air India?
Which government has more corrupt politicians in it, NDA or UPA?
What can African governments & ordinary citizens do to stop desertification?
Do you think that there will ever be a true meritocratic technocracy?
Can India afford to have a benevolent dictatorship to solve its internal problems?
Can an employee of a government organisation claim tax benefits under section 80E?
Why is the Indian government not talking about unification of rivers?
Can a government employee buy a truck for commercial use?
What would the UK be like under a Green Party government?
Which central government departments are covered under the Central Health Service Scheme?
Given so much spying and surveillance, how embassies exchange highly secret messages to their home country/government?
In what event is the seniority of a directly recruited person in a government job lost?
What are the government permissions/licenses required before opening a transport (logistics) business in Tamil Nadu?
Will the Indian government ever conduct any survey on the LGBT+ population of India?
Will Tory's abolition of school lunches lose them votes?
Do you think that an alien invasion is the only thing that could ultimately lead to a one world government?
Who will decide if a nation can follow a presidential system or parliamentary system?
Why do we vote for democracy and capitalism but expect 'equality' and healthcare from the state?
Do the profits earned by companies owned by Vijay Mallya go to the government banks now? If not, then why?
In what countries does the government have access to bank accounts in the form of a central register? Why is it supposed to serve?
Why doesn’t Mexico do what Venezuela is doing to its government, by taking up arms and fighting the corruption head-on in the streets?
How can the student government make pep rallies more enjoyable?
Do people realise that food banks are provided by the church and not subsidised by the government?
Is the government of Singapore oppressing its people?
What are the mistakes of the present central government?
Are governments finding new ways to suppress the media?
Has the power sector in India shown significant growth and development in the 3 years of the Modi government?
How do people from other countries view Americans? Do you understand that the actions of the government are not always what the citizens want?
Can the government make any law which proves necessary for any ongoing case?
Is it possible to work sincerely at a government job?
Do governments inject money into the economy in correlation to inflation?
Will Facebook be regulated? What would regulation look like?
What is the impact of governmental institutions in society?
Is our government doing enough to search for new oil reserves in all three of the Indian administered water bodies?
How much does the US government spend on drug enforcement? How would this change with drug legalization?
In what ways is the US federal government efficient (or not)?
Why is the world (government) not doing anything for the poor?
How can a politician who didn't win the election still become a minister in the government?
How will the states be able to manage Medicaid much better than the federal government, with lower costs and less waste, fraud, and abuse?
How does influence group affect government policy?
Can a government servant take leave in continuation of a tour abroad?
What are the distinct differences between a classic democracy, a republic, a liberal democracy, a majoritarian democracy, and a consensus democracy?
How can private property be abolished without state intervention?
What should I look for in a private psychiatrist that isn't government affiliated & corrupt?
Why would some people discourage freebies from the government, but not from corporations (as in JIO)?
What was the British government's reaction to the long term success of the United States following American Independence?
Do you think that our government employees are overpaid? Do you think that limiting their salaries to a more reasonable amount could help bring this country’s budget back in line?
What would you do if your government took no income tax?
How do you feel about A White Man's Government?
How can the government lower spending?
Why is the Thai government so concerned with their King being shown in a crop top?
What can the federal government of Nigeria do to empower the local governments to create development?
With all the past problems and current problems with the RCMP, why doesn't the government just disband the organization?
Which type of government is suitable for India-left, right, authoritarian or liberal?
What is the data governance operating model procedure?
What would happen if there appeared a 750,000 square mile nation populated entirely by Quorans?
What do socialists think about government bonds?
What are the laws about 3D mapping and modelling of private buildings, government buildings, and road structures in India?
What is the NDA government doing to curb slow job growth and unemployment?
Is China now trying to become a bigger terrorist than the US government?
Can states separate in a federal country?
What is an example of a political position that is anti-government and anti-market at the same time?
What is the best SBI house loan scheme for a government employee?
Where can I find a database of names of UK/US citizens for my research on names & religion? Would it be in a public domain, or are there any hacks?
Is NIFT a semi government institution?
What could be some of the long-term results of a law that prohibits anyone with an income above $500,000 from holding a government office? Does it help with corruption?
Why is the government only able to catch a marginal about counterfeit bills?
Why does the government have disability benefits? Is it our fault if a person has, for example, epilepsy or is overweight?
What is an “ex gratia payment”?
Should citizens give their governments unconditional support even when they commit war crimes and crimes against humanity?
Why are Americans so obedient towards their government? Why don't they ever go on strike?
Is NEEPCO software government based?
Why is the Indian government not taking action against Pakistan?
Is it possible that The Economist magazine’s news could be influenced by any corporation or government for their own benefit?
Does the government use fluoride in water to control its population?
How and why has Arvind Kejriwal changed?
Will there always be dictatorships?
What is Irish democracy?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of a constitutional republic?
How many factions are there within the US government (not just in Congress but in all other various agencies)?
What is the shortest and best Definitions of institution?
Can an IT startup company get a government project?
Why do we have a government that responds to effects rather than causes?
What would happen if a world government declared a nation’s government so corrupt it was found to be "Criminally Insane"?
How can one best determine the likelihood that politicians will govern well, whatever their political persuasions?
Will the BJP government force us to stand for the Mahishmatti anthem in the future?
What is the average compensation for a general (all stars) in any of the four major branches (army, navy, marines, air force) of the U.S. military?
What is the difference between the goals of a government manager and a public office manager?
According to you, which form of government could Quora be, if Quorans ever need a Quoran government?
Is there a term for wanting adverse events to occur to prove a point?
Is there a some kind of restriction that governs all laws made? Or is there no limitation other than what it might do to the suits' public image?
Is it possible for Governement to start Intra-state flights in India for states like Punjab?
Why doesn't the Himachal Pradesh Congress government legalise homosexuality in their state before the next state assembly elections?
What are the benefits of the SAMPADA scheme that was launched by the government? Also, what is the current status of its approval?
If the Central Government makes laws, do they apply to every citizen of the country or just the people of the union territories?
Can a government employee take a loan, and what interest rate will be charged?
Why is the Indian government not aiding Hindu organizations?
Given the difficulty of interpreting government acts, i.e., summarizing content and impact of bills, is it surprising that commentators disagree?
What do you think it will take to establish a stable government in Ethiopia?
Is it possible that the UK could end up without a government for the next five years, as a result of the upcoming June elections?
According to Awdhesh Singh, which is better, communism or democracy?
Why hasn’t the Indonesian government taken down pirated movie stalls?
Does the Pakistan government brainwash its people?
What are the constraints stopping the Indian government from acting strongly against Pakistan’s continual threats?
How does the Afghan government manage to keep a good relation with so many countries in the world?
What countries have a presidential democracy?
What should be the retirement age of state government employees in the Maharashtra state of India? http://annakadam.solapurssi.in
Why is the Indian economy sinking under the Modi government?
If we measure achievement vs promises, is the Modi government the worst ever?
What government services and jobs could be easily automated today?
Would it be advisable to invest in the Philippines especially under the new government?
Should India think about transforming the country's government from a parliamentary system to an executive presidency?
Why did nothing ever happen after the 2001 National Press Club disclosure by 21 retired government employees about the reality of UFOs?
How many Americans are pro-democracy vs pro-autocracy?
Do any of you feel that local government should be more prominent than federal government?
Is it worse for the government to limit the number of children a person can have or to force women to carry unwanted pregnancies to term?
What stops any president from commanding the army to hold all other branches of the US government hostage to gain total control over the government?
What would our world be like if government did not exist?
How did extreme nationalism lead to an age of dictatorship?
If the government fails to hold elected and/or appointed officials accountable for violations, what authority prevails to do so?
How can a corrupt government be fought by a revolution?
What is a federal system of government and what are some examples?
What are the side-effects of liberty and freedom?
If a billionaire created an independent state similar to Rapture in Bioshock, would you sign up?
How can we improve the bureaucracy in Portugal or Brazil?
Why do many governments add high taxes to cigarettes?
Does the government spy on us through electronics? How?
How do government bonds function?
Is the American government going take action apart from sanctioning the terrorist organisation in Pakistan?
Why is democracy preferred as compared to other forms of government?
Why do republicans take more money from the federal government than they pay?
What would America be like under the leadership of Smedley Butler and a fascist government?
Does the state government have the power to change the fiscal year?
Did all progressive change/ideas come from a generation of people taking LSD? And why does no one care that the government was secretly testing it on civilians?
What is the US’s response to Soviet hacking incursions into the elections of various Western democracies?
If you had the chance to reform our government with the snap of a finger, what changes would you make?
When will we have a government that does not adopt minority appeasement as the only method to gain advantage?
While you can't legally get alcohol if you are under 21 at least in some countries, can you give people alcohol who are over 21?
What is the ideal relationship between people and government?
Is Thailand on its way back to democracy? And will will the new constitution put Thailand on a path to democracy? Or further political uncertainty?
What do you think about your government?
Do we need a universal goverment?
For an engineering graduate over 30 years of age in India, which government jobs are left?
Why do Malaysians still pin hopes on changing the government in the next general election?
How do the poor experience political democracy in India?
Has the success of the ACLU improved its credibility, power and influence?
What is the impact on the economy if the government is highly indebted?
Why don't government school teachers send their own children to the government school in which they are teaching?
What is the government spending our tax money on that we just cannot afford?
Does the government create diseases and flues to weed out the population?
Overall, what do you think about the government's moves to tackle black money?
Did Labour set such a benchmark, with public services and the NHS that no Government can deliver the same standard?
What things has the government done to the earth?
Is it a criminal offense as a government official to lie to the press?
Should there be more transparency in how the Singapore government manages our CPF?
Is it possible to create a house that is protected from demolition?
Do you think protests against government in Serbia has impact on domestic politics?
Is an unauthorized absence-based termination possible in government jobs?
What infrastructural changes has the Indian government done to prevent floods in Mumbai/Chennai after these cities have been affected in the recent past?
Do temples get funding from the government like madrasas?
What is the difference between a republican government and a despotic government?
What if I don't want to subject myself to the government's rules and don't want to be a citizen?
Where and how do you file complaints against an irregular government employee?
Why no one is questioning government policy on Kashmir and death of Indian soldiers?
How do people from India feel about their government?
Why doesn't China promote its style of government in other countries?
Why isn’t there close monitoring of the working method in government offices in spite of so many complaints from the public?
Is republican a best government looking at USA or rather an ulcer to the citizens?
What is the difference between federal, republic and Democratic?
What is the present pay scale for engineers in the central government cordite factory?
Why don't our government create a better religion?
What are the exact steps that would have to take place for Canada to become a government like the US (President, VP, etc.) as opposed to PM and queen, etc?
When are ITI government online admissions open in Karnataka?
Why do the BJP government reduced vacancies by 70% and betrayed youth?
Is the U.S. federal government an efficient and democratic government?
Can the Indian government adopt the same model of health insurance policy as that of the USA? If so, why has it not been adopted yet?
Is it possible for someone (individual, group, company/organization, government, or calamity) to shut down, cripple, or destroy "the internet" completely?
What fictional government is most evil?
Do republicans have any argument except the constitutional one when they say that local government is better than the federal government?
What is the best photograph of government corruption?
Shouldn't Republicans be given a free pass to run the government any way they see fit?
Working in Apple or a government job, which is better?
What salary can you get as an MBBS government doctor?
Which Indian government officer job has minimum political influence?
Are you for or against government monitoring? And why?
If you could build a government from scratch, what system would you try to install?
Why doesn't the government invest in startups?
Is the post office governed by the Congress or by the President?
Does the US government still hate communism?
Why do conservative Republicans want small government control? In what way will this work for the country (as per their perspective)?
What are the benefits of being an Indian government employee?
Will Aman Goel, with his skills and knowledge, work with the Indian government for the overall betterment of the country?
What may the government be hiding?
Do major cities have evacuation plans in case of emergencies?
How should I prepare to get a government job after passing 12th?
Don’t our politicians and administrators have that much guts to send their children to government schools?
Has anyone ever sued the US government over its drug laws?
Is there any chance of the increment of vacancies in the government sector rising in the near future (in the next 6 months)?
Do developing nations have spies within the US government typically?
Would having 18-30-year-old people in government leadership roles benefit a nation?
What if the government developed public grievance cells at each district level to address day-to-day problems of the public?
If the United States government was overthrown, what's the likely way it would play out?
Is UPES a private or government body?
What can our government do to widen the tax net, because very few people pay their taxes?
Is India a transitional or an embedded democracy?
What do Keralites think of the Communist rule? Are they satisfied with the CPI Government?
Why is the U.S. government always possible to be shut down? How terrible is that?
How are nation states formed when there is conflict and migration?
Is India's trade policy under the Modi government better than that under Manmohan government?
How can I get a government construction license?
What are some words or expression that refer to the illicit relationship between governments and private companies?
Is there no way by which the government departments in India can work in sync?
Why is the USA government pro-Gulen and anti-Erdogan?
Why aren’t we hiring only leading scientists for our government and to be in charge?
Why do governments spend so much resources and energy to fight inflation?
What are the undemocratic laws passed and repealed by Indian government?
How many central government exams are held in India in a year?
Has the present form of China's government made life better for the common man?
What are the benefits to anarchy?
Why is Naxalism still active? Why is our government not taking any initiative to end Naxalism?
Which is closer to a dictatorship - the Labour or Conservative Party?
What is local control in a federal state?
What should we do if government servants will not serve us according to our needs?
What would be 100% capitalist system like without any government?
What do you think of "Unacknowledged," the new documentary movie on UFOs and the U.S. government cover-up by Dr. Greer?
My college is asking 20k for degree certificates of B.Tech, but I don’t want to. What should I do? Shall I approach media or any government official?
How intolerable is India under the Modi government?
Why did the Modi government stop all the vacancies, like SAIL (AE), Railway (SSE)?
Do you think the American government should spend more time investigating 7-11?
How do I get government projects in IT field being a new company?
What kind of government programs does Germany have that deal with poverty?
How did the role of the federal government expand during the Great Depression?
How is a constitutional republic founded?
There have been a lot of government related petitions of late. Can the citizens of a district or State compel a Congressman or Senator in any way?
Does the government give money to NGOs to run their organization?
How could "public governance" curb the rampant corruption that prevails in all the three arms of the government?
What would a UPA government have done about Kulbhushan Jadhav?
How is India being destroyed under BJP government?
What would be a new form of ruling other than democracy?
What is petticoat government?
What if the Kerala government decides to ignore the SC order to reinstate T.P. Senkumar as the SPC?
What are the schemes of government for old age people below poverty line?
Was there ever a small game created by the government to give people clues to help solve diseases?
If Democrats don't think sex is the government's concern, what do they think of the taxpayers funding birth control?
What are some fresh ways a government could raise revenue?
What are the differences between national policy and government policy?
What role did Congress and the BJP government play in the Kashmir riots?
Which business, government or academic organisation has the most PhDs?
Mr. Awdhesh Singh, what if govt. also starts firing people as in pvt. sector based on performance and not give permanent jobs?
How difficult is it to get a government job while working in the private sector?
The 7th CPC Allowance has been approved by the central government. Are BSNL employees qualified for this allowance?
What are the limitations that Indian democracy suffers?
Is work in Ahmedabad Metro a government job?
Why does the government always ban the Internet in Kashmir?
Has Modi’s government and Yogi’s government made any real changes in the life of a ordinary person?
Is corruption and laws geared toward helping the rich a consequence of the wealthy being in charge of the government?
Will the Modi government take serious action against Pakistan?
Can the government be blamed for everything that is happening in India?
Will the GST affect a state government's revenue?
What should be the best speech for democracy?
Why is a government ruled by judges extremely rare?
What do you think of the non-partisan politics?
What do you think about the latest permission of the central government for hydrocarbon projects in four districts of Tamil Nadu?
Why don't the opposition join hands in finding solutions to problems rather than criticising the ruling governments?
Can the government be blamed for everything that is happening in Odisha?
Have the government's accounts of what happened in Roswell in 1947 been confirmed?
How long can a US State reject a law passed by the Federal Government?
If the judicial and legislative branches of the U.S. government are too stupid to figure out Trump's guilt by now, do we really need such incompetence?
Explain how the US Constitution limits the power of government through a separation of powers and a system of checks and balances?
How do government sector organisations hire personal assistants?
What is the nature and importance of federalism?
How does a state government get a loan from RBI?
What will happen if I don't tell the government about my previous passport attempt?
Can a government servant join a political party?
What is the best way to transition from a dictatorship to a true democracy?
What is a data governance program?
Can the state government change SGST Act as per their state requirements?
The Modi government has a lot of schemes, but why is the public not benefiting from them?
What are the type and workings of the Pakistani government?
Will the central government demonetise the ten rupee coin?
Why are Americans so naive to believe in democracy?
Why hasn't USA annexed Puerto Rico yet? Now with Puerto Rico's financial problems, will it join the Union?
What steps has the government taken towards NPA?
What would be needed in a nation for communism to be successful?
When a high security government employee is asked to leave, retire, or is fired does the clearance they have get removed right away?
Is the government scamming us with their formal education?
How is a government made?
What chance does the Green Party have of forming the next government of New Zealand?
How is Pakistan now practicing democracy instead of military rule?
Why won't the Indian government revoke all the privileges given to the Kashmiri separatists?
Why isn’t Modi or our government taking any steps against landlords who take money from tenants and never pay tax?
Why do dictatorships have mock elections, why don't they embrace who they are?
Why are (government and non) "intelligence" agencies called so?
What does the local government do for schools?
Where can I learn what corporations are running Hollywood and the mainstream media outlets, and who the individuals running those corporations are?
What role could AI play in governance?
What type of government does Bhutan have?
We need a Tamil FM station in Bangalore. If the local government does not agree, can the Tamil Nadu government start one in Hosur?
What is the implication of low budget absorption rates by governments?
Why does our government give extra money to MLAs and MPs for their mobile bills, when they can get unlimited calls and internet access for only Rs 400?
Who exactly decided the Brits couldn't have guns, the people or the Parliament?
What is the impact of government spending in the classical model?
What are the benefits of Modi's govt.?
What is the gratuity amount issued by Telangana government if the government employees retiring on superannuation?
How many promises were fulfilled by the BJP government?
How would the military respond if the US government was infiltrated?
What role will China play in Pakistan's upcoming General Election 2018​? Will the new government formation be directly/indirectly influenced by China?
How will you solve the Chinese environmental crisis by government prospective?
What are some examples of totalitarian forms of government?
How good is Bocconi's program in international politics and government?
Is there really someone who controls the world's governments?
What are the government jobs that seek only applicants who have graduated?
Why does Theresa May think her fraudulent, uncaring, U-turning government is strong and stable?
Would clawing back all the funds stolen through government corruption end Brazil's recession?
How can the minority be protected in a democracy?
Which section of the constitutional directs the government to make that policies help to reduce poverty of masses?
Does a person working in the government sector live more happily than a person working in the private sector?
What will happen if the Indian central government increases the money for development​ to the North East while decreasing the amount given to the J & K?
Do parliamentary systems tend to lead to party rule rather than legislative governance?
What are some examples of American government corruption that has damaged the world?
How would you have implemented the Ude Desh ka Aam Nagrik (UDAN) scheme?
How did the Indian government combat the ULFA in Assam?
How can the mindset of Indian citizens including government administrators be changed regarding all types of pollution and cleanliness?
What is the law to govern tribal areas in the Indian Constitution?
What techniques do governments use if they have to block some sites in the country?
What is the major difference between republic and democracy?
Why is the British government "xenophobic”?
Are people correct to criticize Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau for taking selfies instead of governing and making thing happen for Canadians?
How authoritarian is the Chinese government?
How is power distributed in a presidential democracy?
Is there any part to synthetic biology that would be illegal to do at this time?
What would it have been like if the Europeans had followed the First Nations’ way of government?
Where did the story of Indigenous Australians getting free cars from the government come from?
Our country, India, is both democratic and a republic. What is the difference between democratic and a republic?
Why is democracy much more preferred as compared to other forms of government?
Why does the government not ban sites such as Filmywap since piracy is a crime?
Why are the Chinese so successful despite being deprived of government assistance from the Malaysian government?
What's your take on government hoarding of vulnerabilities? Are you for or against it? Why?
How was the government formed?
Is an order issued by a ministry considered as the central government's order?
Is there any change in the working of diplomats with the change of government in their respective country?
What are main differences between UPA government and NDA government in developments?
Should the government stop providing universal basic retirement pension?
Are the Amma canteens in Tamil Nadu and the proposed Annapurna canteens in UP, a sign of good governance?
What is the government doing to ensure economic equality?
How can a government strategically change the mentality of its people in the hopes of sustainable development without being socialist?
What should be done, but can’t realistically be done, by politics and governments?
Why is democracy popular?
What is the government securities market?
Will GST have an effect on upcoming job vacancies in the government and private sectors?
Where should I start when learning about the United States government?
How can we achieve democracy in the Indian family system? Why is democracy not considered a way of thought process but merely a way of governance?
What constraints do you envisage being employed against you by government?
What are some benefits of 'government and society' to help bring up a child?
Why are state government jobs not good in India?
Why doesn't the government produce drugs like meth or MDMA in laboratories with packaging and the amount indicated for more safety?
How does a government regain the trust of its citizens?
What are the upcoming areas supported by the government to promote export?
What is a blue ribbon commission?
Which government is the most into debt?
What should I do as I am a retired government officer?
Who should pay for the services such as libraries that are available to the people in a community? Should it be the government or the locals?
Which was the first country to form a democratic government?
Why do Indian government jobs require police verification, while politicians who rule the government don’t have to go through this process?
The Maharashtra government has not spent 42% of budgetary provisions, so what's the use of budgets and provisions?
Do you think that government should provide cyber security knowledge to general public?
Should the average person have a right to mass media broadcasting airwaves like corporations and government do?
Why are the Quebec & Canadian governments investing in academic A.I. research only, when most of the innovation came from the private sector?
Has the US government ever interfered with the elections in a foreign country?
As per Islam, can I not keep a beard if I like but not permanently?
What books or resources do you recommend for a broad overview of government theory (democracies/totalitarian, etc?)
Why didn’t the central government make Labour Day a holiday?
What do liberals think is the ideal government spending as a percent of GDP?
Can the central government take any action against Imam Barkati when there is Mamta Banerjee in West Bengal?
Is there not much difference between the fees of government and private colleges for doing LLB in law?
Is democracy actually a solution for a country to flourish?
It’s been 9 years since Jaipur has witnessed a bomb blast. Why hasn’t the government taken any decision on this?
Is there some real basis under the "Yes, Minister" series? How did the author predict government supervision? Where there real precedents?
Why would tech companies provide backdoors for the government? Are they legally obliged to do so, or do they benefit from the cooperation?
If you could swap places with the President/Prime Minister/etc. of any country during any time period, who would it be, why, and what would you do?
Is there any government website which shows all of the statistical information in India, one like Indiastat (which is a private website)?
Can I service as an aircraft maintenance engineer under the government in India?
What is the unbiased review of 3 years of Modi Government?
What will happen if the Indian Government asks all American businesses to shut their operations in India, under certain geopolitical circumstances?
Hobbes, Locke, and Rousseau, who had the most accurate theory of government, according to biblical scripture?
Why doesn't the government use spy satellites to trace the Maoists (Naxalites) and then attack them?
How can a government take a private property?
What are the steps being taken in India (by both the government and NGOs) to address the problem of population explosion?
Is the Kashmir issue overexploited to gain political power and favour from the central government?
Which government is better congress or BJP?
How rich is the Chinese government and is it held financially accountable?
Do you have any information about e-governance?
In what cases does the government take half of your income?
Are all heads of state/government in the developed countries part of the One Percent?
Who does the manual (or low skilled) jobs in developed countries like the US where most people are educated?
What are the proper functions of governments?
Why can't we impose President's rule in Jammu and Kashmir?
Has public participation in government been quantified?
Does the government have a responsibility to hide dangerous information from the public?
Is the Modi government up to the mark for the India as a whole?
What is it like to live through the transition of your country from a democracy to a dictatorship?
Is democracy a door wide open to autocracy and despotism?
Who supports democracy as it is today and why?
What are the schemes brought by the Siddharamaiaah government?
Have the police ever caused harm to the government of a country in the past?
Under which ideals can a constitutional republic be created?
What would Australia look like if it became a republic, like, the parliamentary system (obviously it wouldn't be called parliament)?
Should representatives have to answer to people that are not in their district but that their decisions effect?
Why does the government make it difficult to receive benefits like food assistance and health care after a job loss?
Should the Philippines move to a federalist form of government and why?
How will Turkey's transition to dictatorship affect Western politics?
What was the worst government in history?
If India changed from the parliamentary form of government to a presidential form of government, then how would it be and who would be the president and ministers?
Should the government remove reservations for class A and B government officers' wards?
What was the Vichy government in France in WW2? Why did it exist?
What contributed to the development of Athenian democracy?
Why did the Government of India Act 1935 make elections compulsory, if the British were ruling India?
Are individuals, institutions or governments who knowingly justify murderers for self interests guilty of collaborating in capital crimes?
Why does the Indian government behave like an individual?
Instead of denying those who create hostage situations, why doesn't the government utilize intelligence, such as the FBI, to arrest the assailants?
Which government job provides car facility to employees in India?
How does an autocratic and a democratic government differ?
Is WEBEL a government organization?
Why does our government cover up UFOs? And if there are intelligent beings outside of our world, where does the Bible stand on if they were here first?
Why does the federal government have anything to do with school lunches? ﻿
What are the salient features of democracy?
Why can’t governments monitor the movement of people across several countries?
Why is it racist to require all voters to verify their identities with a government-issued identification card?
Would USA function as a parliamentary republic and would the American population be in favour of such changes?
What would be the effect of splitting a legislative branch into 7 separate legislatures dealing with specific types of legislation?
Should abortion be funded by the government?
Does the US government and private organisations hope wars continue so there is a demand for their weapons?
What is the Indian government actually doing?
What steps should the central government, state government & we as citizens of India should take for the cause of Kashmir unrest?
In Kashmir, our army gets helpless. Why isn’t the government responding and taking any strict actions against them?
If Iran's government were to become secular and democratic, how much would it improve its relations with Israel? How much would Israel benefit from that?
What steps can Pakistan's government take to increase its market share in global BPO?
Can we publish the local news? Will the government and other institutions take that seriously?
What is sovereignty with special reference to democratic government?
How are levels of government organised in Indonesia? Who controls what?
What do you mean by dual government from 1765 to 1772 in Bengal?
Is ICE becoming a federal police?
How corrupt and insincere are the people of your country?(This is a survey question to get more insights about your country.)
What is France’s type of government?
If a government prints too many notes or allows excessive borrowing, then why does money loses its value and inflation occurs?
Are the illicit liquor mafias behind the DMK’s and the PMK’s opposition to the state-controlled liquor shops in Tamil Nadu? A status report on the other states would be welcome.
What do Muslims want from the Indian government?
Why hasn’t the Indian government stopped reservation?
What is a new business that has government subsidies?
What happens if no parties can agree on a governing coalition in Germany?
What metrics are used to determine if a government is allocating capital effectively?
What are the real duties and powers of an MLA (Member of Legislative Assembly) in India?
What is a government's fundamental plan of operation?
Who is wealthier, the president of a company or a member serving under any branch of the state government?
Who are some of the notable cultural critics of Indian democracy?
Why can't the government of India create separate states of Jammu and Ladakh and remove 370 for these regions? Anyway, these regions are not Kashmir, are they?
How do corrupt officials get punished?
Which is the government authority in Indonesia which develop and regulate the construction industry?
What laws in Israel establish/define the relationship between government and religion?
What is the government doing for its people in Rishikesh Uttrakhand?
Is India ready for a libertarian government? Is it ready to leave banking, businesses, agriculture and every service to private except for the Army and police force?
What are the steps taken by the U.S. to overcome HIV?
What if India and the J&K government make stone-pelting illegal?
Can ICJ rule out a country's Supreme Court?
Can democracy stand in a nation state that has a decaying middle class?
What are the mechanisms and factors that affect corporate governance?
What are the pathetic construction projects that were undertaken by a state government in India?
Does a private sector employee don't have time for his family?
Does a central government department require a CST registration?
Is Trump moving the USA towards becoming an authoritarian state?
What world view or system of government did the Enlightenment challenge or support?
If I openly speak against Muslims in Singapore, am I in legal trouble with the government?
Why is a big government good?
Do authoritarian regimes such as Russia or China tend to have more experienced and wise foreign secretaries than democracies such as America?
Do you believe that government intervention in prices is important to protect American businesses?
Why is Indian government not taking any action against Pakistani troops who mutilated our soldiers multiple times? Don't you think it's high time?
Will I get money from the government if I give free water to people in the road in the summer?
What should I do as I haven't received any replies to my two RTIs regarding the salary of my husband working in a government department?
Would replacing the US federal government with androids solve our problems?
Should I be a lawyer or a government staff?
Is the government interested in increasing employment for the public?
Why is our government not selling off the loss-making carrier Air India and opting for privatisation instead?
Does US have an elected government and a superior hidden government?
Why is the Indian government not improving infrastructure?
Will Central Government employees submit their original certificates to the government?
Why are people against government money (vouchers) paying for religious K-12 educations?
Why don't we have a central Earth government and share resources with other nations?
When (if ever) will Greece exit the economic crisis? What realistic and doable actions have to be done?
Why doesn’t our government create a better religion that’s more suitable to all?
What did Curtis Munson mean by, "People of the Bridges Type"?
What is the role of government in the business sector?
Should people be held accountable for their government’s actions?
What are the projects or initiatives taken by the Indian government to protect the mother Ganges?
Why does Matthew Bates support less power at the federal level and more at the state level?
In which form does the Indian government store its revenue?
Is the National Housing Development Organisation under government control?
Are referendums bad for democracy?
Can you simplify the GST for me? Why did it take so long for the successive governments to get it implemented if it was such a game changer?
Why did Communism fail in almost every country where it was adopted? What is it about Communism that makes way for dictatorships?
Can a state government employee in India be arrested?
Are non-partisan elections good for democracy?
Why was it important for the government to sell war bonds?
Would it help children's teeth if the government made sweets available for sale in bulk minimums of 20 packs at a time?
Why does Modi’s government amend the FCRA bill?
Would the US government reduce deaths from darknet fentanyl if it took down torproject.org?
How do I access government data API's?
What is the relationship between the press and democracy?
What influence does the government have on SMEs?
Can any of our French Quorans please translate this image of the different governmental structures for me?
What are financial and economical data available for free from the US government?
What if there were no more government secrets?
What types of government are an oligarchy, autocracy, and democracy?
What are the important schemes launched by central government of India?
What is democracy like in the modern world?
Do government classifications (for confidential information) or warrants (issued by a regular judge for unrelated reasons) hold more weight?
Isn't there an end to minority appeasement? Why isn't the government taking action against the Owaisi brothers, Barkhati, and the ISIS network in India?
If we were to start a petition for an amendment about reservation for better compatibility with contemporary society, then would the government take action on it?
What would a US government shutdown look like?
Does Senator Diane Feinstein believe the government has the right to take the lives of people?
How important is the development of Athenian democracy?
Is there any policy which abolishes reservation in government jobs?
If you say that Modi’s government is doing its work properly, then why isn’t it completing its promise to the young voters?
Is there any change in the working of diplomats by the changing of the central government in their country?
What would the ramifications be if a fourth branch of government whose job was to investigate the other three was created?
How much of the UK government’s income is dedicated to London?
Is democracy dead?
How can I meet the transport minister of Center/Haryana or Delhi?
What is the reservation in government recruitment for women and in general?
What do you think of governments imposing smoking in private homes?
What are the four objectives of corporate governance?
If there was a nation of Quorans, what government would it have?
Do private enterprises exist in command economies? If yes, does the government decide what goods and services these private firms will produce?
What are some easily available government facilities/ rights/ app/ for the developing India that people never knew exist?
Do you trust the government or business?
If the government announces reservation to Thakurs of Saharanpur in exchange for an oath to move into the 21st century, would they get some foresight?
Why is the American government against Pakistan?
Because of populism on the rise, do you believe democracy is at risk?
Is SRMS private or government?
Can a central government employee in India legally build apps as a hobby?
Can you explain to me how the Cuban government works?
Does the laying off of jobs in India occur due to poor governance?
What does the local government do to support the community?
How do people who work for corrupted governments steal money? Is it so easy?
What steps are the Indian Government taking to foster investments in the Indian food processing sector?
What is the basic characteristic of a unitary government?
Can I survive without a government job?
How do the different types of government around the world differ?
Is the U.S. basically a social democracy already?
A government official is asking us for a bribe, how do I deal with him?
What are the government policies for the people who want to start a business in India?
How can the government raise money without taxes?
Why does the US government refuse to keep its citizens in line as well as the Russian government does its own?
What is the legislative branch of government?
If the intention of Modi's government is to curb black money, why doesn’t the government want to target rich people? The name list is countable.
What are the most impactful ways I can influence sustainability measures from my local commerce, and my municipal, provincial/state, federal government?
Why isn’t the Indian government taking some strict action on rapists?
Why is nobody in government even trying to reverse academic inflation?
Which are the best student-involved government programs around the world?
Why doesn’t the government ban the production of cigarettes when it is injurious to health?
If you have accepted the idea that some degree of a government-funded safety net is inevitable, is there some version that will do less damage?
Does the government wait for any incident to happen as all the laws or rules are passed only after an incident takes place?
How much does the government know about every citizen?
If the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea is constitutionally a democracy by name, why do other democracies tend to seek war against the state?
Can a business which is an LED manufacturer come under the government scheme?
What government policies and decisions brought about the conflict in Korea, and what impact did it have on American society?
What will it take to unify the governments of the world?
Where can I find help to apply for a government grant (US) or an interest-free loan?
What are the characteristics of government overseas contracting job?
Why is it that in America the answer to the government’s mistakes is not to reform the government but to get rid of the government?
Could someone get in legal trouble if they bred a plant that has the same effects as an illegal drug?
Will the Syrian government collapse?
Can the government prevent the usage of or control cryptocurrency?
What are the challeges of achieving world government?
Can civic engagement enhance the quality of government?
Why was San Marino the first country to have a democratically elected Communist government in 1945?
What is "acquisition action" in terms of being a program manager in the government?
PV Sindhu was given a Group 1 service by the state government. The job requires knowledge about various subjects. Is it justifiable to give her such service?
Which welfare schemes are started by Modi’s government?
Does censorship in democracy mean that the people are not mature enough to practice a democracy?
What is the Canadian government planning/doing for the First Nations communities?
Which are the government schemes available for newborns' education?
Why isn’t Andhra Pradesh’s government taking any action against Sakshi TV or the newspaper?
Can a central government employee publish a book and sell it?
Is a democratic republic the best form of government?
Who are some of the best speech writers in government today?
What is the different between a governor and a lieutenant governor in India?
What would the American government have to do for the military to actually enact a coup to restore the constitution?
Who owns "Ofcom" and is it free from the government influences?
Do you have a reaction to the book, Raven Rock: The Story of the US Government's Secret Plan to Save Itself?
Why don’t people revise government policies when they know that they are wrong?
What are the aspects of totalitarianism?
Is it possible that zombies already exist and that the government just doesn’t want to let us know?
In what ways do governments earn money other than taxes?
Is the government confused about economic policies and the promises they are making?
Do you think the American government should spend more time investigating 3/11?
If a govt. employee is removed from service, what can he do next?
Why doesn’t the government try to update the law according to the present time?
Why do the security guards carry suppressed assault rifles outside of the government buildings?
Is it legal or illegal to move plants from one state to another?
Has the present N.D.A. government not been focusing on government jobs in spite of outsourcing?
How are conflicts between the legislature and executive bound to occur in the presidential system of government prevalent in the USA?
Why has Narendra Modi’s government not yet repealed the Right to Education Law?
What would happen if Kim Jong-un committed suicide?
Why did the UPA government hired a Pakistani lawyer in ICJ?
If a winged human or angel were spotted today, how would the public and government react?
What were the reasons why the government put 12% GST on sanitary wear, despite its high need yet low penetration​?
Is a watchdog entity that exposes the abuses of power, corruption, fraud, government waste, etc. on a global scale any less valuable than Deep Throat?
If you believe your government and fellow citizens would indiscriminately take thousands of innocent lives on 9/11, why do you still live in the U.S.?
Why do the same people oppose the government regulation of subsidized school lunches, but favor the regulation of food stamp purchasing eligibility?
What are some possible pit falls of accepting investment from government and private?
What is better: do private practice as an architect or be a government employee through SSC or UPSC?
What would be the most effective way to ignite a revolution against the American government?
Is healthcare an entitlement?
What steps have been taken by the government to fill the gap between the demands of industry and the education system?
Which IHM (government only) colleges are the best?
Why do people in rural America hate the Federal Government when they receive billions of dollars in federal aid and subsidies?
What is corporate governance? How does it help the economy?
What do you mean by democracy? How is it implemented?
In the British parliamentary system of government, what happens if there is a tie in votes between 2 parties in a general election?
Will this pork-barrel app accurately describe how the federal government spends tax money?
Are Iranians ironically western friendly and want non theocratic government?
If we had a more deliberative democracy would populism remain?
What is the meaning of democracy when you have a treaty with a dictator, and you implement it for the general people?
Why is the present NDA government clueless and irresponsible at handling the Kashmir and Naxalite issue?
If all people were united under one government/country, what would it be named?
Do American people fear their government?
Are there any government or private institutions in India for share trading courses?
What do you consider to be the most reasonable political ideal, philosophy, or basis for a government?
What is a nodal government agency?
Is there a URL or a government site where I can directly integrate my application for Aadhaar validation with related information?
What is the one world government that is going to be formed under the European union about?
Is Togo a democracy?
Why is Pakistan not a democracy even though it has elections?
What are the major changes that might be made in the government's policy if the opposition were to win the 14th Malaysian general election?
Where did US Representative Al Green find the people to fake the threatening tapes?
What is your view on Indian government providing free treatment for AIDS patients, not for other disorders?
Will the U.K. government be strong and stable after the election?
How can a common man push to dissolve the Tamil Nadu government?
Will the government pay you for killing a terrorist?
Are federal agency heads and cabinet secretaries bureaucrats?
Who is responsible for the violence in Kashmir, and why is the government not taking any steps?
What is the job profile of an MPDO officer in the state (Telangana) governments?
Why is the government planning to change the financial year from April to January?
Why doesn’t the US government ban the hiring of freelancers in other countries, to protect American jobs?
What percentage of the revenue deficit of dry states due to prohibition is met by the Central Government?
Land Laws comes under Central Govt or State Govt in India?
Why should we pay taxes to governments? Don't you think this money is wasted on politicians’ privilege and corruption?
What is the best way for international organisations to support good governance in East Africa?
Why do we focus so much on government budgets rather than government cost efficiency and productivity?
Would it be against the code of conduct of the election commission to change the government before the second phase of the local election in Nepal?
What is the role of government in the circular flow of income?
Will private citizens have the same access to justice technology as government forces in the future?
What empowers the government?
What is your best advice to poor nations? What do you think their governments and people should be focusing on the most?
Would a government kill its own people to score political points in an electoral race?
Ken Buck's book, Drain the Swamp, graphically details our governments corruption. Is there a chance for a reformation?
Which government is more authoritarian, Turkey or Russia?
How can people and government resolve the water crisis in "Bundelkhand"?
Have you ever had any idea of a governmental system which is flawless?
How are constitutional changes made in the federal system?
How do I get the personal ID number of a government employee?
Why are non-government organisations positive things? Towards the world and ourselves.
Is a real democratic world government viable?
Can a marriage certificate with a photo issued by the state government be used as ID proof on domestic airlines?
Why doesn't the Indian government help Sikhs in European countries where they are being discriminated against on religious grounds by their governments?
If the government is serious about weeding out corruption in India, why don't they install CCTV cameras with mics in all of the government offices?
What will happen if all the wealth of Indian temples is declared as government property?
How can I juxtapose the difference between government and governance?
What do you understand about equality & democracy being dynamic and not static concepts?
Can China be said to be a democracy?
What is the meaning of radical democracy?
If you could create your own island nation what would it be like?
With center-right governments being elected worldwide, what changes do you forsee for people around the world?
What do you think of the Modi government after 3 years in power?
Why do we need the government? Why can't we create an app that lets the public vote on the laws they want?
How is the government influenced?
How is the government responsible if someone loses their job at a private company?
What is the most complicated title ever held by a nobleman?
Why do you obey the United States government?
Can a government bank employee, or any government employee in India, get suspended for low performance?
What is a democratic republic government?
Why are European economies, governments and people struggling so much with the digital revolution?
What are the steps taken by the government to clean the Ganga?
What makes California one of the worst governed states?
What have the Modi government's biggest hits and misses been?
What steps have the government taken with regard to the leaking of Aadhaar card details?
Whenever tax cuts are proposed, why do Democrats make it look the 'the rich' are the only group that would benefit?
Why do you think democracy is more important than any other political value?
Why isn’t the BJP government of Assam not as proactive as the other BJP governments?
How effective will be a tie between Coursera and the government of India?
Why does a mix of public and private funding support democracy and economic stability?
Would space exploration benefit if the government got out of the way and left it to the private industry?
Would a governor be addressed orally as "Mr./Madam Governor" or "Governor"?
Which government body should I call if I got fake/duplicate whiskey?
After how much time do we get government quarters?
Is it fortunate to be born in a democratic country?
Can IAS officers implement new schemes without the consent of the government?
Why is communism dying?
From a native perspective, is there anything substantially different between the U.S. and Canadian governments’ relations with reservations?
Is the government of France different from the political system in the UK?
Why should the world help in changing an Shiite government with another Sunni one with the same opposite ideology?
We have the potential to be excellent as a nation of people what will it take to bring us to the point of self governing ourselves and our future?
If you had to compare Indian Government with Hogwarts, which role would you assign to whom?
Why are Nigerians regarded as the most corrupt nation in the world?
How did war bonds benefit the government?
What is an anocracy?
How was the present government of Nepal 2074 formed?
How much money do state and central governments get on taxes from tobacco? Like central excise and VAT?
Do you believe that individuals that carry negative RH factors, more specifically, O-, are being tracked by government agencies?
What would the end stage of governmental corruption look like in a democratic nation?
Considering two people with the same capabilities, one in the private sector and the other in government sector, who struggles to earn money more?
What are the changes today's government has brought in our country?
Do you think reservations are necessary everywhere in the government sector?
Can I use earphones in central government offices while working the night shift?
Should American children be taught about communism and democracy, and be allowed the free will to choose for themselves?
Group B Gazetted is equivalent to which class of officer in central government?
What do people think about NITI Aayog’s suggestion of outsourcing government services and bringing in private sector talent?
What kind of progress in the state can we expect by the end of the current ADMK government, in the next 4 years?
Will moderation ever return to the federal government?
Why is authoritarianism not democracy?
What if government revenue could only be raised via crowdsourcing means?
Is Canada's government good or bad? Is Canada respected or laughed at? Do we have a good or bad history? What things should the government change?
Why is movable immovable property so important in government sectors?
What if aliens are hiding from us?
Considering the present scenario, is democracy worth it or should there be a military rule of a monarchy?
What is preventing the Modi government from introducing the Jan Lokpall bill for a debate in Parliament?
When is the Karnataka government going to pass a bill granting 100% reservations for locals in the private sector?
Can the Sarpanch of the Gram Panchayat be superseded?
Is there an official position in a government or agency that is tasked solely to weed out corruption?
How do governments rob people?
How is the fake news phenomenon yet another malignity of the government to seize power?
Where can we get state and central government job updates?
How do parliamentary and presidential democracy differ?
Why is the union government not responding to the southern India drought crisis?
What is the recruitment policy imposed by Indian government for foreign companies?
Can a PWD officer lease government rest house premises to private persons for the purpose of business?
Is it possible that all the countries on earth would merge into one single world coalition government?
How much is India's trade policy really decided by central government and how much is the local government's policy?
What's so different in the constitution of Pakistan which makes their army so powerful over the elected government as compared to the Indian constitution?
Do you get any help from the government to start an agricultural business if you are not a farmer from the Gujarat government?
Are minorities included in deliberative democracy?
Do you think the Modi government is directly or indirectly favouring the Patanjali brand?
Should the US have four political parties, instead of two, represented in the state and federal government?
Why should a common man pay for the salary of a corrupt government employee?
Are there government funded incubators?
How did the anti-government protests of 2015/16 affect Ethiopian politics?
What are some websites, newspapers, magazines where I can find information about government jobs in India?
Why does the US government not honor the charters of organizations it is a member of?
What are the norms of conduct of public officials?
What is the most powerful fictional government of any medium?
Is it better for freedom and human rights in general to switch governments more frequently?
Can a billionaire buy a government officer in India?
What is the difference between a federation and a union?
Why does the government not give any quotas for BSF ex-servicemen?
Why does western media always show the Chinese government in a negative light?
Who formed the first coalition government in an Indian state?
What should democracy be like?
Do Dadra and Nagar Haveli and Daman and Diu have territorial governments or some other form of local democratically-elected government?
Does our own lack of personal responsibility create the need to be governed?
What do you think of the idea of Wiki Government?
Even though American children learn how to hate Communism, should they still learn democracy vs communism and have free will to decide for themself?
What is the reason that vacancies in PSUs have curtailed compared to the previous few years? Is the Modi government reluctant on creating government jobs?
In your opinion, was the Canadian government’s decision to cancel the Avro Arrow a mistake?
Why does the Indian government do nothing to prevent tax evasion and money laundering in the Indian movie industry?
What are the job prospects of BArch candidates in the government, except for CPWD?
What is the government's role in innovation?
What is a military dictatorship and its features?
Do you agree with the democracy system?
Why doesn't the government of India use its Forex reserves to reduce the external debt and improve the Indian credit rating, thereby giving a boost to FDI?
Can a central government employee working as inspector in central excise department invest in Stock market? Upto what extent he can invest?
What are the formations of local elections?
What were the advantages and disadvantages of mass democracy?
How do the Government job vacancies allocate to all reserved and non-reserved categories?
Is there any age relaxation in the UPPCS exam for government employees?
Why is the government digging mass graves?
Does the Government of India Act 1935 provide reservation for women in provincial legislature?
Why do liberals and democrats believe in big government?
What are examples of government failure?
Can I make it illegal for myself to perform an action such as smoking a ciragette or buying meat?
Is America still safe for democracy?
Has the Modi government really done anything good?
Why is Asia absent from the history of democracy?
Is the Cricket phone service run by the government?
How much money does the UK government invest in R&D annually?
Why isn’t the union government increasing the number of posts for IAS? After all, it would help in the development of the country.
How would a Labour government in 2017 react to terrorist activity? How also would they improve community cohesion?
Which is better- a cold, rainy Swedish socialist(ish) democracy or a cold, rainy Seattle capitalist(ish) democracy?
Can we see democracy in China?
Will the Indian government privatize BSNL?
How competent is Kazakhstan’s government in terms of economic policy?
Is the level of B.Tech in both the government as well as private up to par?
What is the age relaxation for the CPF exam for Central Government employees? Must one have done the required service duration, or can he apply upon the date of joining?
What kind of secrets does the American government have?
I just completed my postgraduate degree (Master of Social Work). How do I get a government job now?
Should Christians obey rules outside of government?
Who decides the menu when the heads of states of other country meets the prime minister or president of India?
Is India a liberal state or a successful democracy?
What does your country’s government headquarters look like?
Some people think governments should control the number of foreign-made TV programs being shown. Do you agree? Why?
Is social democracy really a form of socialism?
Is the government actually taking action on exposes made by Arnab?
What are the functions of the legislative branch?
Is democracy a form of patsy scheme?
What is the best type of government rather than democracy?
Should the people’s right to know be valued above the government’s need for secrecy?
What is the rationale behind “All government spending is a tax”?
Whatever happened to the law that required preachers to submit their sermons to the government in Houston?
When is the Karnataka government going to pass a bill granting 100% reservation for locals in the private sector?
If I became president of a very corrupt country and wanted to run it like a business, what systems could I set in place to help me deter corruption?
What documents delegate powers to local governments?
How can you make a better government system than the best ones in the world today?
Will the populous today rather be under a good dictator than under a corrupted government?
Should the position of police have term limits and be rotated among the citizenry?
Which do you view as the best system, the meritocracy or the democracy? Why?
If Indian agriculture is a gamble with the monsoons, what steps is our government taking to make it safe?
What has the Modi government done for the farmers to ease the demonitization issue for them?
Can you record conversations you have with government employees in California, legally?
What does Pakistan have to fear from the Indian Government and its people?
How is studying agriculture at some government college?
What are some measures taken by the government to improve the transportation system in India?
Democracy always lead to capitalism. Is this true? If yes then how?
What is the most convincing argument for Communism?
What is a government contracting officer representative?
Why doesn't the government privatize the Ashok hotel group?
What is the "worst" government policy you have ever followed/gone through? What, according to you, could be its replacement?
What has been the Indian government’s biggest failure?
What are some historical events that governments want to censor?
What is the local level of the legislative branch?
Is it illegal to write books against the government in England?
What is the antecedent and character verification in government jobs?
How does nationalization of firms work?
How is your government helping in Libya and what are their future plans for Argentina?
Is it true that the democracy has existed in Portugal since 1825, with some interruptions?
How does Josue Diaz see Modis Government?
Who said that elections are the heart of democracy?
Are the ideas that the federal government should provide only for defense and that we have the right to govern ourselves as we see fit contradictory?
If Republicans, which have all branches of government, don't ban abortions, should they be criticized when they bring the issue up in elections?
What is the role of the government in maintaining law, order and peace?
Has there been any improvement in the irrigation system of India after the NDA government came to power in 2014?
How helpful/useful are the current Indian central/state government policies for a startup from an IT startup perspective?
What is the 14/2 act of the central government?
What are the chances of the U.S. government changing the age of adulthood from 18 to 21?
Who do you think should pay for the services that are available to the people in a community? Should it be the government or individual people?
Is the Indian government so corrupt that due to its pressure, the CBI tries to accuse whistleblowers?
What would happen if the government finds out that I'm harboring a vampire?
Which grade is given for the technical officer, as a Central Government employee?
Why doesn’t the Indian government ban coke even after it has been proven to have pesticides?
Is the Chinese government really dangerous?
Explain whether new nations depend on strong governments to succeed?
Why did the government disallow live shows at JN Stadium in Shillong?
Why do we allow ourselves to be lied to by our government?
Do our non-verbals govern how we think and feel about ourselves?
To what extent should the government interfere with the economy during a time of recession?
Why do we have to give details of our schools/colleges, etc. in the attestation form for government jobs ?
How does Federated Learning work?
Wouldn’t it be better if the government were to buy the farmers’ crops rather than paying their loans?
What is the reason the BJP government has reduced vacancies and so made much delay in various central state government job recruitments?
What is the right decision to be taken by the government in the current situation of mutilation of our soldiers?
Why are Indian government employees richer than Google employees?
What is the advantage and disadvantage of a parliamentary democracy?
If I were to conspire with several people to topple the government and I was caught, what could I potentially be charged with?
Is it possible for a government to monitor and apply taxes for all activities related to Bitcoin?
How can monopolies be eliminated without government?
Are direct PhD holders eligible to become lecturers in government colleges?
Why can not the Indian government and state governments use power point presentation for budgets rather than giving a speech?
Is the Modi government right?
In spite of proliferation of public private partnerships, which has reduced government expenses, why are our tax rates rising?
Why should the government support small and medium entrepreneurs?
How is data and information available on government websites used in your professional work? Please advise.
Why is India extremely badly governed and managed?
What is the Assam government?
If governments found a way to extend human life for hundreds of years, would they keep it as a secret or would they share it with the rest of us?
How can the government combat undeclared work?
What is regime according to politics?
What kind of information could bring down a dictatorship?
How should the Singapore government be more transparent?
What is regulatory governance?
Does the Pakistani government have any control over F.A.T.A?
How much infrastructure investment did the Australian government commit in the decade after the Howard government, and what were they spent on?
Do we need educated citizens for democracy?
What do the people of Quora think of direct democracy?
Are we going toward a world government?
What indicators can be used to prove that a specific newspaper is pro-government or anti-government in India?
What will happen if people refuse to cooperate with the government worldwide?
Assume that the government injects 100 million into the economy. What impact would you expect on GDP given that the marginal propensity to consume is 0.8? Why?
Why does the government help small businesses?
What percentages of the US government spending come from taxes and from debt?
Who has maximum power in an Indian democracy?
Is the NDA government doing well? I mean, what has it done in the last 3 years?
Does democracy breed weak and ineffectual leaders?
How true is it that the media has become more biased towards the ruling government?
What are the achievements of the Modi government in the last four years?
What would happen if the Central Government sealed the LOC tightly and left Kashmir on its own, by cutting all extra packages and removing the military?
Have you ever personally helped a very common man get his work done in a government office?
How can I remember the table of precedence of government functionaries with logic?
Are there any good cardiologists near Saket or in NCR at a private or government hospital?
Are there active branches of the world's governments that seek to cover up the existence of the paranormal and supernatural?
Are Quiverfull Christians a threat to democracy? After generations of exponential population, could they overwhelm ballots and institute theocracy?
What should you never look up on Google or else you will get in trouble with the government?
Why does the Central government have to provide SFE?
How should a local government assess the current price of a public road which has been in use for seven years?
Why is the Kerala government forcibly imposing Malayalam on Kasaragod Kannadigas?
What should the government do to maintain peace in Indonesia?
Why do left wingers believe that the federal government can fix all problems?
What form of government is the speciality of India?
How is the United States viewed by other governments? And more specifically, how do they view DT?
Had Congress never played dirty games to topple the elected government? Is Congress so honest?
What is a pardon in government?
Why is the Chinese government so rich? Where is the money from?
I'm going to make a general comparison of two countries. What aspects should I touch on (like economic state, government, and all that)?
Is today's government leading towards dictatorship?
What is the difference between saying Israel has too much control over the American government (taboo) and saying Russia does (more acceptable)?
Which has more impact on the economy, lowering taxes or increasing government spending?
How can we draw the attention of the government towards fake begging communities who are exploiting kids for their own greed?
What is the future of Brazil's estate? Is democracy in danger?
What do you think about the new policy to allow private investment in defence of Indian Government that has been finalized?
If the world is under a one world government, can it get rid of primordialism, racism, ageism, ethnocentrism?
Are there any jobs for CSE/IT engineers in the government sector?
How many departments in the Federal government still run on COBOL software?
Why direct democracy is obsolete today?
Why do socialist governments suppress freedom of speech more than other governments?
What are the empirical effects of countries having a presidential versus parliamentary system?
If Brexiteers are so keen on democracy, why are they opposed to a referendum on whatever deal the government come up with?
Will the mulla government collapse in Iran?
What are the causes to the failure of democracy and oligarchy?
Is the USA experiencing a test period of democracy, and freedom that might mean, the end to democracy in the world because media has been taken over?
What are different types of federalism? Which of it is followed by India?
What should be in the top most priority of Government of India to fix in the current set of law or the constitution?
If if the other branches of government do not check the Executive at this juncture, will we find ourselves in a constitutional crisis?
Which is the best government CGL job or business?
Do you think a company should actively lobby the government in order to obtain competitive advantages?
Why haven't more governments decriminalised cannabis?
What is the Theresa May government's rationale for legalising the ivory trade once again in England?
Did the British government have a similar human rights rhetoric at the height of its power in the late 1870s?
Is barterism better than the exchange of government made currency?
In light of the present American political scene, how is democracy 'the government of the people, by the people and for the people'?
Why is the government still silent regarding the Kashmir issue?
Are there any keywords or search phrases that, if typed into Google, could result in being monitored by the government, NSA, or police?
Is it usual practice in other countries for government employees to not get paid a salary for three months or is it just in mine?
Is the 80-IBA government scheme a part of PMAY?
Why did Federalists want a strong federal government?
If the government makes a rule that there are no taxes in India. Will the CA's have work?
What is the difference between a board and an authority created under a department of the government?
What has the Modi government done to improve education in India?
What does “federal state” mean in politics?
Should a government force women to have an abortion if the country is going through severe droughts and famine and can't afford to care and feed it?
Can a US court hold a state government in contempt?
Is the UDAN scheme a waste of tax payers money?
Is democracy really good? What kind of other systems can we implement?
What did you do that made government officials visit you?
Why has Punjab declined to implement the eNAM scheme in agricultural marketing?
If the government found out the meaning of life, would they tell us?
Does the Chinese government really have better long-term visions than other governments elsewhere in Asia?
What's stopping the government from reducing immigration?
If you were tricked into signing a petition for a city referendum, how do you make sure your signature is not counted?
What is the Bangladeshi government doing to protect the beauty of Sundarbans?
What are implications if the government fails to meet its financial needs?
Why does the Russian government seem to want to destabilize global politics?
What clauses in the US Constitution gives the government the power to "protect jobs"?
How did American and Soviet democracy differ?
Why is it okay for the government to make wearing seat belts while driving compulsory but ban soft drinks from school?
How does a mix of public and private funding support democracy and economic stability in a political campaign?
What, in your opinion, should be the steps taken by the Indian government to encourage more foreign investment?
What are the incentives provided by the government to the farmers?
The formation of the BJP government in Assam was seen as a game change -has anything changed on the ground?
Why are girls advised to work in the government sector over the private one?
What major countries of the world still don't hold democratic elections?
Did you ever think that our government is causing our depression?
How does the state government (from the opposition party) generate money?
Do the military fight for our country or fight for the government (and are brainwashed by the government to believe they are fighting for our country)?
Did any central government employee get his 7th pay commission arrears?
Why doesn’t the government have a strict policy on Bitcoin? Why hasn’t the government banned this currency in India?
How can Britain have a democracy despite the fact that it doesn't have a constitution?
What are the different types of government in Ireland?
How does the government of Canada work?
Do I need approval from local authorities or the government to plant trees around my building?
What is the life of a banker like, post demonetization move by the government?
Should the government provide free birth control?
Who will get the government in the coming five years (PTI or PML-N)?
What percent of existing bureaucratic government jobs could be automated or removed entirely?
What is it like running a country?
Why is the Senate considering calling Comey to testify about his memos when he was fired for lying to the Senate under oath?
Could you mention some polls showing that the US government does reforms against the majority’s will?
How many employees does the US federal government have?
Should there be a cap on indirect costs for government research grants?
Do you support the government ban on websites and YouTube showing movies for free?
Are the BA coaching centers private or government run?
Does any other country other than US have an equivalent role of the designated survivor?
Why don't more people support world government?
If the same ICJ were to give a ruling against India regarding removing the restrictions on consuming beef, would our government honour it?
If democracy is considered essential, why are people who stand for election so vilified?
Does democracy still work if the ignorant people are the majority?
What is non-territorial federalism?
Which education sector is better, private or government?
Why are AP, Telangana and northis come to Karnataka to write any central govt exams?
Will we ever have one global government?
If Australia becomes a republic, will it have a US style democracy, or another form of government?
What should the Nigerian state and federal governments do for Nigeria to truly become an economic superpower in Africa and in the world?
What is the actual problem of India: democracy, politicians, or us?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of the parliamentary system of government in India?
What is your opinion on UP government launching cow ambulances?
Is 'NOC' required for fresh application of passport for government employees?
What is the government like in China?
Should Americans be allowed to form healthcare co-ops locally with government assistance?
Do you think "think about the children" is the excuse used most often by the government?
Why doesn't the Maharashtra government regularly make provision in Mumbai for parking lots? Why is everyone struggling? Is the government incapable of thinking?
Why is RBI considered to be performing merchant banking functions to the state and central government?
What are the various schemes of the Madhya Pradesh government and the central government to financially help those willing to do business?
Why isn’t the Indian government accepting the help of Israel to tackle the problem of Naxalism?
If the US interior shrinks millions of acres of public lands, will anyone be able to buy up a scenic acreage from the U.S. government?
Why is there always chaos in Kashmir when a BJP government is in power?
How can anyone argue that the EU is more or at least as democratic as most EU national governments?
Who do people in Crimea pay taxes to, the Ukrainian government or the Russian government?
Is democracy good for developing countries?
What are the social implications of a country running out of water?
What is the role of a government entrepreneur?
How might a basic income be more or less effective than other forms of government aid?
Should the Modi government support the policy of Reservation in Promotion?
If someone found a way to cure all negative health conditions, (including old age,) would the government or other organizations try to suppress it?
What is the logical connection between the 'one-party government' concept and communism?
How much money can a government print in a year?
From the total employment of India, the employment in the government sector is only 2%. Why, then, do people target reservation in the government sector?
If you are being harassed by an Indian government department (Tehsil) because of a clerical error, how can you stop this corruption and get the problem sorted out?
How credible are the NTIS (National Technical Information Service) U.S. government research reports?
Why does the U.S. government like interfering in other countries' internal affairs?
What can be done to involve people in governance, especially in India?
Should a representative democracy be considered part of the commons?
We get 600 dollars a month from our government check, how much money does that add up to in a year?
Has Modi’s government failed to deal with internal security (naksal samasya) in red corridor states?
Why does the Australian government alone impose restrictions on foreign property investors?
What's a government position that you would like to fill?
How do you feel about Noakhali Government College?
Does the public have the right to know everything the U.S. government is doing?
What is the longest stretch that the Republican Party can realistically retain control of all three branches of government?
What are the pros and cons of the "Patalganga project" proposed by the Karnataka government to tap deep underground water?
Is there a better alternative to universal suffrage (voting rights for all adults)?
What are some of the schemes initiated by the government of India involving healthcare for people below the poverty line?
How can we identify if a trust has been registered with the government of India?
Is there any country that has struggled for democracy and is currently not democratic?
How did the feudal system influence the government of China?
How do Greeks feel for having a radical left party in the government?
Is the Portuguese Government good?
Is Narendra Modi planning to form a government in Delhi by overthrowing the current government?
Which Indian City can never be clean despite Swacch Bharat initiatives taken by the government?
Why is the Modi government not taking any strict action against the Naxalites involved in the Sukma attack?
Why doesn't the Indian government or the state government relocate street dogs?
Should America abolish the federal government?
As a government employee, how much is the cash-in-hand salary?
Does the Israeli government do the same as the Indian government does in regards to terrorism?
What's your opinion on how Modi's government has handled the issue of judicial appointments?
How does the government structure work in India from centre to village?
Does secularism contradict the federal structure of the Indian republic?
Do new nations depend on their governments to succeed? How would you explain this?
Does gold rise because confidence in the government falls or because of money printing?
Why don't people realize that these 100 days are not Trump's problem, they are the problem of two useless branches of government?
Should the people be held responsible for the evil their government is allowed to do in their name?
Do American people realize what their government has done to world?
Why did government never allow us to print their money for ourselves?
How can we start an armed revolution against any repressive government to overthrow the government?
What could be a good alternative to polybags? Can the government ban them?
What are the steps to be taken for minimizing the road accidents in our country?
Is it good to drop a private job and prepare for a government job?
For institutions, politicians, and individual citizens, what are the challenges to democracy that happen every single day, large and small?
How will creating a school political party involving communism affect my outside life?
County government is made up of what?
What would the world’s governments do if I had immortality?
How would it be to have a government controlled by software?
Who among those in the IAS get the chance to serve for the Central government?
How do energy companies put pressure on governments?
How corrupted is the Indian government?
How do government officials keep straight what is and isn't classified when addressing the press?
Can we bribe someone for government jobs in India?
How would you rate the NDA government's three-year performance?
How can the government limit the right to assembly?
Can your category be changed after joining government service?
Is an oil rig renting the ocean floor from the government? Or is it owning it?
Where and how do governments source their borrowing?
What government or industrial functions should Beijing transfer to the Xiongan New Area?
What would happen if a car broke down on the entrance of a prison facility or a secret government facility having no way to contact for help?
How powerful is the Indian government?
What is the importance of legislative branch leaders?
For how much time can a mobile bill be claimed by central government employees?
For Christians: if a tyrannical government takes over, does Romans 13 still apply when it comes to obedience to governing powers?
What is the difference in a federal crime and state?
If you had to choose between a fanatical theocratic government or a Nazi government, which would you choose?
Does the local government have a "duty to inform" when you move to a new city?
What is cabinet ministry and who rules to who?
What is Naxalite? Why it's started? Who started? What they want from Indian government?
If there was a world government, would a democracy be best?
What is the most successful way to campaign for government accountability reforms?
Should India break up Uttar Pradesh into smaller states for better governance?
How do you get all government files about yourself?
What are the different forms of constitutions?
Why doesn’t the government pass a law to solve all cases, either criminal or civil, within a year or two?
Why was peer-to-peer file sharing taken down by the music industry while regulatory agencies and governments can’t do the same with Uber and Airbnb?
As Texas continues to grow into one of the most populous and one of the most economically powerful states in the Union, is it wise for our state government to continue to employ such a politically weak governor?
Businesses should be seen as partners in cleaning up the environment and not be treated as suspects by the government. What are people’s opinions about that?
What are the scopes of MJMC in government sectors?
What is the most wasteful thing the government of Louisiana has paid for?
Does the U.S. government have a plan for a robot uprising?
Is the Venezuelan government arming its supporters against a possible coup?
How could a dictator take power in a previously democratic country with minimal resistance?
How best can you describe the vertical distribution of power in the government?
Does the Constitution of Pakistan allow military interference? It seems that there is a lesser role of the Democratic government than the holy army?
Is our democracy hacked?
How can a country like somalia achieve stable government?
Is communism illegal in Germany?
Does the US government have exemption of informed consent in experimentation?
Why does the US have only around 2-3 times the budget of Germany, while it has 5-6 times its GDP?
Why is Ivanka Trump all over the place when she holds no official position?
What are the legislative powers of the president?
How do Americans justify that democracy is the system every country should implement when the democracy in their country could easily be compromised?
How do the existing rulers of China react to people's demands for democracy?
Why is Russia referred to as a non-democracy and the United States is referred to as a democracy?
If the govt. hasn't been able to disclose the quantum of old currency that is deposited back, then why do we still not question the credibility of this govt.?
What advantages does a democracy have over other forms of government?
On a practical note, why and how is the Modi government failing?
What are the pros and cons of the FCRA (foreign contributions to the political parties) amendments proposed by the Modi government?
What action can be taken by a government department regarding unauthorised absence for 40-45 days by an employee?
What are the advantages and pitfalls of nationalisation? Why do governments do it?
Why are Indian government works so lame and always delayed?
Is the BJP government leading India towards development, considering all aspects?
Is it possible to hand governing power back to the monarch in the United Kingdom and dissolve power from Parliament?
Why should the Canadian government receive federal funding for sanctuary cities?
Can a common man ask about the salary of a government official?
Should 2019 be the government of Modi, and will this government give any benefit to India?
Should the government ban interest-only loans in housing to prevent them from blowing up and destabilizing the financial sector and the broader economy?
Where does the government get the new money to replace the old ones and what are the strategies?
Why are there so many slums in the urban cities of India despite the steps taken by the government?
Why is the Modi government passing all of the bills it blocked during Congress’ rule?
Can the future cities project in India help the Indian government to rapidly modernize the military, since they will get a good amount of money from it?
What is the rule on giving salary to a jailed government employee in India?
To what extent is the current drought crisis in part of Africa a failure of governance?
Why doesn’t the government ban Chinese food imports like plastic rice, artificially prepared eggs, etc. rather than warning people not to each such things?
Who all puts their minds to drafting new policies in the Indian government?
Why are African governments mostly corrupt?
What is a combination party in government?
What is the criteria for selecting cities under the UDAN scheme by the central government?
If you work for the FBI, are you considered to be part of the judicial branch or the executive branch of the government?
How can access to more information be bad for democracy?
Can we get double HRA for transferring from Jaipur to Tripura?
Is democracy sustainable?
What are the jobs offered on scientific officer posts in the Indian Government?
What will happen if the government set up a suicide organ?
How can we scale representative government to modern population sizes without making it impersonal & sacrificing civic engagement?
Why are governments not keeping track of their citizens abroad to check the ISIS menace?
How does pay fixation work for a central government employee if their date of promotion and increment is 01–07–2016?
How are quasi-legislative powers used?
The government isn't giving me my tax return and basically 'let' a school stop putting through my student loan. What do I do?
Why do Indian government companies provide the worst service & their staff behaves as though they are frustrated?
Is communism good or bad for a country like India?
Should schools in India be nationalized?
How can the state government go against the federal government?
Should the residents of a neighborhood be allowed to control how the government uses the land in their neighbourhood?
Which life is better: engineering or government job like FDA?
What are the main purposes of the legislature branch, executive branch, and judiciary branch? Why are they important to the democratic government?
Why don’t people in Bengal overthow the Mamata government?
What actions should be taken against people who misused the government money?
When does the government plan to completely ban BSIII vehicles?
Why did the Modi government not take any action against the accused named in the Panama papers?
What actions are taken by the government against ewe teasing?
What is a practical and perfect form of government?
Is there any situation where solutions and actions taken by the government due to a revelation in debate and reality shows like Arnab does in India ?
What do investors look out for when buying government bonds?
How can I get government projects for my NGO in India?
Is it certain that the EAMCET won’t be conducted in 2018 in Telangana State, or how much more time will it take for the state government to declare a decision?
Why are Christian values a part of the U.S. Government still today?
Is it right to justify the failures of the central government just for the sheer fact that at least they are trying?
Can we trust statistics provided in the government websites?
Is there any regulation/rulings governing the exemption of non-public entities being subject to audit in the US?
Should smartphones allow backdoor access to government agencies?
How's the real relationship between the Tatmadaw and the NLD government?
What are the difficulties of local self-government in India?
What is global governance, concepts and challenges?
Dawood Ibrahim is in critical condition. After his death, will the Indian authorities be able to get rid of the underworld network present in India?
How does the government of a country enforce collective decisions made elsewhere?
Why is communism said to be inevitable?
Can Tunisian democracy survive Islamism?
What is a general turn priority and a non-priority in the Tamil Nadu government sector applications?
Does living in government-funded housing facilities impair low-income families psychologically?
How do a company get a government tender like TCS having tender for passport?
Who decides upon the pension for central govt. employees?
Do Jats come under the general category in the Central list?
What should the next Korean government do to prevent fine dust?
Government jobs are still permanent in India, provided that there are a lot of well performing unemployed people waiting to get a chance. Why?
How did the Vichy (France) government in WWII work?
Is the government responsible for the cut in IT jobs?
What is democratic government?
Do executives understand how vulnerable their systems are to ransom or attack without supported software updates and cybersecurity?
Is it true that the Malaysian government UMNO party supports unity, but will take violence to keep your mouth shut?
What are the public databases and APIs that governments provide and a developer could use?
Would you rather live in a place with an all-powerful government or no government at all?
Are people taking advantage of the scheme given by the Modi government?
Should political party formation end in a democracy so that everyone can get a fair chance to fight in elections?
How do US citizens or any citizens residing under a similar form of government see Canadian politics?
Is SBI clerk a central government job?
Is it time to abolish tax returns in the US? Considering how large Bush and Obama grew government surveillance, the government knows already what you owe.
Why do governors appoint an acting governor when they leave the state? Can't the governor do the job from out of state?
What is the rule of three in the government?
Do many Americans want their government to work to divide the EU?
What is the definition of the ideal form of government in Hindi?
What type of government gives citizen the same rights as the US but has a dictator?
Is there a document that was released by the government on the merger of CMPFO and EPFO?
Can we call tax as compulsory extortion of money by the government?
Is the government help to buy scheme allowing builders to justify increased house prices?
What is the only political party allowed in China? How does this affect their government?
What are modern day examples of Limited Government in the US Government?
Who are the Kashmir separatists, and why is the government providing so much security?
Is it legal for an Indian government employee to simultaneously run his business or work somewhere else to earn moey?
Why do listed companies need to have corporate governance?
How was the Fadnavis government?
In order to raise funds for the NHS and state schools, should the government revive the financial transactions ‘Robin Hood’ tax?
Is democracy a purely Western innovation?
What are the government subsidies on dairy projects in India?
What are the causes of exercising control over Business by the Government (of India)?
What is a unitary political system?
How do the 3 municipal corporations of Delhi, Delhi State Government & Central Government work in the administration of Delhi City?
Is Libertarianism an employable form of government for large nations?
Should the Modi government ask the CM of Chhattisgarh to shift the capital to Bijapur from Raipur in order to tackle the Naxal problem?
Is there a strong link between democracy and good governance?
Is it possible to live in India without bribing cops and staff in any government offices to get your job done?
How do governments transfer capital cities?
Should the Texas state government continue to use the same plural executive power structure to prevent any single member of the executive branch from becoming too powerful?
Should the government need to make a regulation for every single 'company' to implement CSR?
Would someone like to share the percentage system going on in government departments for a major contract value?
The BJP in Chhattisgarh has failed to solve the Naxalite problem even after 13 years of ruling. Is it time to change the state government?
How can partisan gerrymandering be avoided in a modern democracy?
What would be the difference in UK Government spending if there was no public debt of any kind?
What are the instruments of direct democracy?
What would happen if the electric power industry of a country is privately owned by one businessman as an absolute monopoly ?
Why are governments allowed to spy on people, but I'm not?
Why is the dowry overhyped with government jobs?
Does Modi's Make in India plan suffer due to the corruption of the state governments?
Are central government​ employees​ who are under probation​ eligible for trekking leave?
What are policies or legislation on cybersecurity that can be implemented in cities?
Why are most of the state government jobs contractual in Odisha?
For a central government job, can I apply state government approved caste certificate?
In what way can government assist in the development of a country?
Is the craze of UPSC going down after the Modi government removed the VIP culture and the beacon lights?
In what ways can a government change after a different political party wins an election?
How will the US government change?
If true Socialism has never been implemented, as many Socialists say, isn't it a huge coincidence that all governments that tried to implement it failed?
How is the BJP/Modi government fooling people?
Why is Modi's government not making the swipe machine or UPI mandatory in provisional stores?
What are the neglected national monuments by government of India?
Is there anyone in the Indian government who's taking India's water problems seriously?
Is the Indian government obligated to demote English in India?
Can the Chinese government charge any foreigner with spying?
What kind of government was there before democracy in India?
Do alcohol companies bribe state governments to increase the number of alcohol shops? How can we reduce them?
Why do people talk of democracy as if it's infallible, and the solution to every political issue in the world?
If a R&AW officer happens to see corruption in any government departments or among politicians, will they take appropriate legal action?
What is the future of Nigerian government under the current president?
If India is a comparatively poor country why doesn't the government print more notes and make our country rich?
How can you run a country without government?
Why isn't the Indian government taking action against the Hurriyat, despite knowing that Pak's ISI is fueling and funding the unrest in Kashmir?
How do you cope with living under a dictatorship when you don’t have the resources to get out and you’re not sure you ever will?
Do government and state officials speak what is known as legalese?
How do I get a government job easily after 12th science?
Is there any reservation for ex-servicemen in Group B government jobs?
What are the modern-day examples of federalism in the US government?
Why was the 50% service quota scrapped for Tamil Nadu government doctors for pursuing postgraduate work?
Do lawmakers know enough about the science of human reproduction?
Why are Democrats so obsessed with minorities?
Can I claim as tax credit, tax collected at source paid to government?
What are some steps that the government can implement to stop rape?
What is the fate of Tamil Nadu under the BJP central government?
Why is the USA such a violent place compares to the other established democracies?
What are the concurrent functions of a local government?
What sort of constitutional provision is saving government employees in India from getting fired for non-performance, negligence of duty and corruption?
Why is there no serious action against cow rakshaks who terrorize people and spread hatred?
How good is the Modi government at silencing the public?
How do governmental institutions operate?
How was democracy restored in Chile?
Do forms of government matter without economic opportunities?
What kind of government will be effective if artificial intelligence came into function?
How come governments all over the world hoard gold?
How do I deal with the pressure from my parents to get a government job?
How common is it to sit on an article you've produced because of government security concerns/intervention?
Is the media making it virtually impossible for any President to govern, regardless of party?
What are some of the visible changes after Trump Governance?
What would happen if the whole world had one government, no borders, and one supreme leader?
Why don't governments all around the world impose amortization requirements, like the Swedish government, to lower household debt levels?
Why do governments prefer to hire previous or current government employees?
What are the reasons for Babu’s ill treatment of clients in government offices?
I'm familiar with the UN, NATO and the world court. What other organs of world government (or quasi-world government) are already extant?
Can we say taxation as a comulsory extortion of money by the government?
Which system of government would be best suited as a single global government and why?
Is there a correlation between the downfall of government-run industries post 1990, and the rise of Marwari business families in Nepal?
How did democracy come to be?
Why don't governments end the suffering of disabled, mentally ill and desperate people by assisting them to commit suicide?
Why is the Thai government so worried about the King being shown in a crop-top?
Who holds power over Romanian government besides their cabinet?
How can the UK avoid becoming a de facto totalitarian dictatorship?
How could the people put the army out of politics and continue the path to real democracy in Egypt?
Why does China need authoritarians?
Why don't the people from North Korea rebel against their government?
What is an example of an economic good that improved for consumers in both price and quality faster where government control increased?
Where can I get OCB in Erode, Tamil Nadu?
Is MS-CIT essential for getting government jobs in Maharashtra?
Why is India growing despite its government and not because of it?
Why hasn’t the Indian government taking any strong steps against terrorism? Why are our brave Indian soldiers sacrificing their lives every day?
Why were vertical launchers, until recently, only operated by governments?
Why is democracy important today?
Why does the West try implementing democracy in other countries despite that solution being bad for the target?
If the US had a Nazi government at present, would there be a strong enough coalition to stop it from world domination?
When the world faces extinction, is there a possibility of a worldwide uniform government?
If destroying currency is a gain for the government, then why is it against the law?
Can an Indian government employee become rich?
What are the conditions for a country to have a democracy?
What are the types of communism?
Can I get the promises of congress government which were not completed still?
How is the government going to address the NPA issue of a bank?
What is the importance of direct democracy?
What is the difference between a dictatorship and a totalitarian type of political system?
How did democracy spread in monarchist Europe?
What is the difference between unitary form of Government and Federal government?
Should the government be able to control what you put into your own body?
If the most extreme right-wing constituency of our government could pass any laws and do as they pleased for 20 years, what would America look like in any and every aspect?
Why does the BJP government waste taxpayers’ money on its advertisements?
Should California cooperate with the federal government to deport the illegals who are criminals?
Does the govt. give loans for post-graduation?
Why should or shouldn’t small farms be government subsidized?
Now that WikiLeaks has been exposed as a tool of Russian intelligence/cyberwarfare, when will Western governments take action to shut it down?
What does "interactive governance" mean?
How are ships governed by national laws and regulations?
Has there ever been a religious totalitarian state?
How is a misleading and fraud company like MobiKwik being allowed to continue operations by the government of India?
What are the main reasons why most of Vietnamese don't speak up against their corrupted inefficient government even though they are fed up with it?
Do we have a single official website for all government jobs in India?
What is a data governance operating model?
What are the achievements of the Narendra Modi government 3 years after they came to power in 2014?
If hypothetically, a one world government or federation was established, how would it's sociopolitical underpinnings look like?
Is the Maharashtra Government aware of the heavy crowd in local trains? The common Mumbaikar question is, “Did they have any idea how to control the crowd”?
Why has our government become so partisan over the last 20 years?
Why does the Indian government support the gau rakshak terrorists that kill its own citizens?
Is a revolution an option for Nigeria’s bad government?
Why doesn't the government take action against the RSS group's activities?
If a large majority of people in a country want the land they are residing on to be a separate country, and a big protest is going on, then what will the government do?
What are some examples of unitary systems of government?
Do you think de-licensing is different from structural reforms in India?
How much money do goverments spend on plastic recycling?
How were the various kingdoms and independent realms organized in Anglo-Saxon England (A.D. 500 - A.D. 1066)?
What do Awdesh Singh, GV and Balaji think about owning a job, doing a private job and, of course, doing a government job?
Which is better, democracy or monarchy?
Why are Republican states trying to reduce the federal government when they are the most dependent on the federal government
Why hasn't Canada federalized all the national highways into a federal system guaranteeing a uniform experience for all drivers across provinces?
When will the American people stand up to the corrupt government?
Do we have any idea to what extent the Chinese government has penetrated US intelligence?
Where does the money/gold seized by government agencies get accounted for and spent?
What are the factors which have compelled India to adapt a federal system of government?
Is it important for the government to have secrets?
Did the British government betray Zimbabwe on the land issue?
What measures can be taken by the Indian government to make India up to par or closer to the rest of the world in terms of technology?
If the government bans gas vehicles, then what will the pollution rate of India be?
Why does the government regulate abortion?
What civil disobedience tactics can residents of countries having dictatorships use to advance towards democracy?
What should I do with my inherited knowledge of the Russian language? I have never used it that much.
What is global governance 2025?
Why is the Modi government proving to be lazy in tackling the Naxal issue of Bastar?
When will Cartosat-3 data be launched for execution of government projects like NUIS and DILRMP?
Which government organisation in India (specifically government banks like SBI) provides 100% medical reimbursement for family members?
Why is the Indian Government very slow in providing justice?
What do you mean by government finance?
Do you think there is disproportionate interest in the Executive branch of the US government?
Do you really think the Americans would want a Queen instead of democracy?
What is the involvement of a government in an e-commerce startup?
Why does the Mumbai government not shun slums which are a major cause of crime and pollution?
What are all the ways a person's assets can be frozen? Examples include lawsuits, judgements from governmental agencies, etc.
Is a Delhi police employee a central government civilian employee?
What has changed during the 3 years of the Modi government?
Why is the Government of India worried about gold imports? How is it affecting trade deficit? What kind of policy does the government need to implement?
Can I file a PIL against the party based democracy and its working by giving my views that partyless democracy works better?
Why do governments have difficulty giving their people large cash grants to better survive instead of spending on wasteful projects?
Is there any Government financial support for starting a khadi unite?
How can government do changes in current education system?
Why do most economists believe​ that post-demonetization GDP facts by the Modi government have been altered?
How do l deal with those Government officers who sneak in my personal stuff which I hate?
What's your experience of the Indian Government's website/app on governance (MyGov/NaMo)?
What is the world's largest administrative/government database?
What steps should be taken by the government and by the youth themselves to eradicate 'youth unemployment' from India (from 2017 onwards)?
If you could make any political reform in any country right now, which country would it be and what would you change?
Why are there so many government service centers, nowadays, in India?
What are the “executive” and the “legislature”? Why does the responsibility of the executive change in a presidential system compared to a parliamentary system?
How can we file a complaint regarding labour law? Is there any dedicated government agency who can help for HR related queries? Is there any email ID?
Why are there so many remaining vacancies in the US federal government’s key jobs?
What do governments do when their agencies or offices are hacked into and they find out that it is an external state actor? Do they confront their ambassador?
Which employees are covered in class I under Haryana government?
What would be the facilities for the local level elected person in Nepal?
It's been around 3 years for Modi's government, what is the biggest achievement till date?
What are the functions of a governing board of an NGO?
Is this type of federalism practicable in Nepal?
How did Joseph Stalin overthrow the government?
What world leaders threw their government into chaos and/or disastrous political failure the quickest?
What type of government does Israel have?
Is there any way of providing government-level cybersecurity to end users at a low price internationally?
What is it like to pursue a career in Regulatory Affairs?
Why does PM Modi always receive foreign heads of government/nation at the Hyderabad house only?
What are challenges in urban water governance for Dhaka as a mega city?
What are the powers given to the different levels of government?
Is there any truth to the idea that if your invention idea is too brilliant, the goverment might try and actually snuff you or your invention out?
What are the government jobs available for an unreserved male at the age of 32 years?
What are the different forms of government around the world?
What are the disadvantages of a back paper in the AKTU for PSU?
Should the government outlaw Uber?
How does government housing work in America?
Did American founders invent the presidential system of government?
How do I get instant notification regarding the latest central government jobs and AP State government jobs?
What steps have been taken by the government to work on the rural development in Pakistan?
Is the Modi government not anti-farmer? Just like the farmers have been fooled by telling the scheme of a fraudulent insurance plan.
What are your concerns and reservations about the Lagos State Government reforms in the transportation sector later this year?
Are there any countries that have no governments ruling them?
What are your worst experiences with government babus?
Which country has the most benign government?
Why isn’t the Indian government taking the necessary steps to prevent Indians from being murdered by Americans?
Has the time come to establish military dictatorship in India?
What companies provide a data exchange marketplace for organizations and governments to buy and sell data?
Why do politicians build family dynasties in the name of democracy?
Which congresspeople voted against the Saving American Democracy Amendment?
Why is the central government imposing Hindi on South India?
Why are public governmental aids against being an enterpreneur?
How can China make its government more responsive and user-friendly to its people without embracing full democracy?
How do managers maintain staff retention in their government departments?
How would Wales respond to the block that just happened by the Turkish government?
Do any of the world's governments or space agencies have plans in case of an apocalyptic-sized asteroid being on a collision course with Earth?
When will the Indian Government or IRB developers stop collecting toll tax on Ahmedabad-Vadodara Express Way in Gujarat?
Why is it bad for a government to invest in companies, as with the bailout of AIG?
How can I know if someone currently works for the Federal Government?
I am working as a government servant. How can I get my salary slip?
How can trust be restored in American government and public industries?
Why do Democrats think it helps the poor for the government to take people's money and merely talk about how much the money might help the poor?
What are all anarchy ideas?
Is there a government ideology that is often forgotten?
Why is it that all governments don't provide free food to everyone?
What is the value of spending public funds on discovering the origin of inanimate objects?
If the US government found evidence of space aliens, would they publicize it or would they cover it up?
Is a lean socialist government possible?
How would the world react if Trump was reelected?
Isn’t it time that we helped Iran out of the cold and into the light?
How would you turn your country into a complete dictatorship?
What if the US chose a parliamentary republic instead of a presidential republic in 1788?
What is not a power of the federal government?
What might happen to countries if they suddenly let young people in their thirties run the government and even be presidents and prime ministers?
Why is Obamacare premium rising inspite of government providing subsidies?
What have been the biggest failures of Narendra Modi's government?
Why are most of the monarchies more successful than democracies?
Can we make the US Government more efficient and prone to less gridlock?
What do you know or think about Nigerian government and the governed?
What documentation is required for architect to register in government departments in M.P.?
What cuts did the Tory government make to people with disabilities?
What is your best advice to poor nations? What should their governments and people be focusing on the most?
Is it possible to promote democracy without political parties?
What are the steps taken by Modi government to seal India Pakistan border?
Why do some European governments not use the best practice and benchmarking methods to improve their governance?
What next surprise action, like demonetization, can be taken by the Modi government before the 2019 election?
How can the government fight against the issue of aging population?
Is there still a partial government seat in PSG?
Do people becomes corrupt after getting government jobs?
In layman's terms, how does the provincial government work?
Why is Modi government spending so much for minorities?
Which action is likely to be taken by the government to avenge the recent attack by Pakistan's Border Action Team?
Why do NGOs seem have good ideas for solving world problems than most governments?
In a parliamentary system, why is the "government" considered a separate entity from the parliament?
Do Americans feel that the 2nd Amendment could stop a 'corrupt and abusive government'?
Why is Anna Hazare waiting to assess the central government whereas he is very critical of the Delhi government just after 2 years?
Trump accused the Democrats last week of wanting to shut down the government. But why does he now want to shut down the government?
Is it possible for the ruling government to alter general election results in Malaysia?
Why aren’t governments placing a ban on bitcoins, considering the recent cyber attacks?
What should a government be based on whether Science or religion?
When will America's authoritarian government be replaced with a democracy?
Should the Indian government put forth a nationwide heath insurance program, mandatory for all, in order to assure a minimal level of care for all?
Should I quit my job if it was at a corrupt government in a corrupt country?
In which type of system are people allowed to own property and operate businesses with little government influence?
Is there any PR firm working for the government sector?
Should we be always on "the watchout"?
Why do the CFSs and the CHAs charge high amounts in India? What steps is the Indian government taking to curb the exorbitant costs charged by the CFSs?
"Cases of corruption by government servants should be treated as cases of treason as they betray their country". What is your viewpoint on this?
How does the US government manage to take some random guys on an EDV basis?
Why is the government interested in the growth of the service sector & not in favour of production?
Why is the Central government of India more powerful?
Why do some govts. have a Ministry of Happiness, and what are they for?
What if one day Artifical Intelligence form our government, what will you do?
Is a CCC NSIC certificate useful for high level government jobs?
If Islam becomes the world's largest religion, will it threaten democracy and freedom of speech?
How long would it take to receive an answer from a Swedish Ministry?
Is it true that the American government kills foreign people?
Why aren’t international organisations paying attention to religious intolerance by the Islamist Malaysian government?
Who would largely encourage corrupt systems in Indian government offices? And why do they thrive as if it's some sort of standard practice?
Why does the Indian government want to implement the January-December format?
How will the latest government ordinance help in the resolution of bad loans?
No objection certificate is required for a central govt employee before getting a passport, correct?
Why do Democrats want to add to the national debt by demanding more government care in making sure of "discrimination" (ha ha) against gays?
What do you think was the most significant policy change after the Howard government (preferably not regarding refugees)?
What are the challenges in implementing ICT projects in government organisations?
Corruption can't seem to be eradicated. Is there not a system of governance that can completely "avoid" it then?
Did the Indian democracy run with casteism? Can the Indian democracy run beside any one religion?
What is your opinion on the government manipulating the markets by hiking the interest rates as it wishes?
Why is the nationalisation of Royal Mail etc. so expensive for the government?
He said young people do not suit key positions in the governmental departments of countries. Can I use "legislation" to replace the governmental departments?
How did medieval historians view the democracies and republics of the classical world?
What should local government do?
Is homosexuality illegal in most Muslim countries (if not all)? Is it because of the religion or because of the countries or governments themselves?
Which is the best central government job in india?
Is democracy as we know it in demise?
What was the first form of self-government in the colonies?
Is democracy possible without capitalism?
What services should be provided by the government and what should be left to the free market?
Should parliament or the SC ban all types of bans imposed by the different states or the union government?
What is the most corrupted part of the US government?
Why has the central government increased the metro fare in Delhi?
How large is the American domestic security budget in comparison to the national defense budget? What organs of government should be counted?
Does ITER, SOA University have all the government approvals?
Can the Iranian government steal the votes for Ebrahim Raisi in the Iranian elections?
What type of federal system do we have in India?
What are private military companies, the legal definition of it? And most importantly, can they be included under a branch of government for regulation?
How would you sum up the communist government?
Is it wrong to question the action or inaction of the government, military and judiciary in a democratic country like India?
Why don't liberal states support the call for a convention of states to limit the power of the federal government?
How does government support conferences and exhibitions?
How do I get a central government job after an M.Tech biotechnology?
Which job is better, one in the central government or one in the state government?
What action will be taken by by the government for the students if their university caught on fire?
Has the representative democracy failed in America?
Now that almost literally everyone has access to the internet, why doesn't the U.S. have all citizens vote individually on legislation?
In layman's, terms how do the provincial governments work in Canada?
What can we do to protect the American people from their democratic government of the freedom of shooting in the streets?
Can governments prevent atrocities?
Why is the Feku government silent on the layoffs in the IT sector?
Does the Constitution contain provisions that preserved slavery?
When do you suppose artificial intelligence will start playing an active role in government, and in which areas might it debut?
Would the United States benefit from limiting the power of the executive branch of its government further?
What is the revised pay matrix 2017 for central government employees? Will it create some more anomalies?
Was Rome a dictatorship?
Which is more corrupt, the Indian government or the Pakistani government?
Is the bureaucracy failing democracy in India? Farmers are committing suicide every day. The bureaucracy is expanding its salaries.
How much time would it take for a government to force the people of their nation to change their native language to some other language?
Will Indian Muslims be happy under an Islamic government in India or instead under a secular and democratic government?
Why aren't companies charged with bribery when they pay millions of dollars to politicians whose political beliefs align with those certain companies?
Do U.S. auto manufacturers receive subsidies from the government?
Why do governments not encourage vigilantes?
Why can’t we change the parliamentary system of India?
Is it in the best interest of the people of the USA to have politicians and mainstream media delay the government’s work?
Why doesn't America become an authoritarian government like China?
Why is government not making BIM mandatory in India like our countries did in world?
Why do we not hold our elected officials accountable?
Can good governance exist with populism and clientelism?
What will be the consequence if the government distributes all the country’s budget to the accounts of its citizens equally?
Who benefits the most from taxes?
Why do some people think contrails are chemicals dumped in the air from our government?
Are corrupt practices in government departments reduced after demonetization? Would someone like to share their recent experience anonymously?
Who are Nepal’s sherpas? Why are they fighting the government?
Has a government shutdown ever happened when one party controls all three branches of the government?
If you had your own country, how would you design your governmental headquarters?
Is being governor basically being the president of your state?
What is democracy? What are two features of democracy?
Why do British governments ignore the views of Teachers and Doctors when formulating Education and Health policies?
How do I take loan from united states government as an international applicant to Umass?
Why is Erdogan considered to be a dictator?
Would you prefer your state to remove and deport people with different political persuasions to make it a unified government?
What are the main reasons we prefer a parliamentary system?
How do government tenders work in the UAE, and can foreign nationals bid on them?
What happens when government redistributes wealth from rich people to the less fortunate?
What are three practical steps we all could take to fix the broken US government?
What is your experience of lobbying for a favor with any of the government?
Why can't the ACLU be tried for treason for constantly suing the government?
What will happen if Palangkaraya becomes Indonesia's national capital?
How does a social boycott of the government work?
Will India develop fast if it becomes dictatorial under our respectful prime minister?
How do I get a job in the government sector, after doing M.Pharm?
Why does the China Government keep any religious facilities across the nation despite their sole Communism ideology?
Do the biometric identification cards issued by the government to the public contain tracking chips?
What are some examples of governmental institutions?
Should the U.S. government regulate children’s names like they do in other countries?
What if there was no government?
Are taxes "trickle up" economics whereby the masses of Americans are convinced to voluntarily enrich the few?
Why do US presidents travel with so much security, especially overseas? Don't they trust foreign governments?
Is monarchy a better form of government for a country like India?
How authoritarian is the American government?
How is a government started?
Why is Indian democracy so corrupt?
Should School superintendents be elected officials?
What Indian government is doing to stop overpopulation despite knowing the fact that it is some really serious issue for the country?
Is all democracy oligarchy in nature?
Do politicians in India force government officers (like IAS) to do certain tasks?
What does the local government do with taxes?
Why is the federal government in the health care business?
What are some bills being debated in congress?
What should the Pakistani government do to fight Indian conspiracies?
What are the upcoming jobs that the Modi government is going to release? Which engineering branch will they be related to?
How much did the pre-modern governments/monarchs or academics understand about inflation?
How can taxpayers enforce delivery of basic service from the government?
How does the judiciary branch have control over the executive branch?
Can the Indian government be held liable for taking action against an employee?
Is Campaign for Judicial Accountability and Reform (CJAR) a government body?
How does Singapore prevent government corruption by corporations?
How do foreigners see India's diversity and democracy? As a democracy, how successful have we been? How has democracy served India?
What is the federalist system of government?
What are the benefits provided to media houses by government?
Could a "tax haven" for businesses exist in Earth’s orbit, or on the Moon?
If Superhumans were created through advanced tech, what branch of American government would be in charge of utilising these new assets?
What makes some people steal from their government?
Why doesn’t the United States of America adopt the People’s Republic of China’s style of governance?
Can mass media be used to brainwash citizens to push a government's agenda and to increase consumerism? If yes, can you give some examples?
How did the US government respond to the Great Depression?
How much are the liberal policies of the previous years' government responsible for the state of India today?
If a congressman turns off phones paid for by the U.S. government and normally answered by government employees, is that criminal misuse of funds?
What percentage of the State Bank of India’s shares does the government own?
Why is the central government unable to handle the Kashmir issue even though they are part of the JK-led state government?
If you could live without the government bothering you, how would you choose to live?
What are the most innovative approaches to measuring the impact of public investments in emerging technology like AI, genetics, neuroscience, and Blockchain?
Should goverment legislate to close the gender pay gaps?
Why is almost a third of US government spending discretionary and not transparent to the people?
Is there any public portal where the government provides the rationale behind any policy change it does? If not shouldn't we ask for it?
How would the concept of Lebensbraum be applied in modern governments?
Are government guest houses open for all?
Were the Southern state governments truly representative of their people in 1860, as only landowners and males could vote in some states?
Is there a country which follows Islamic principles of governance that can be considered a success in the modern world?
How can a government ever get a grip on cryptocurrencies for taxing purposes?
What are schemes introduced by the government to encourage entrepreneurship in India?
What did FDR see as necessary to protect the nation and the other keepers of democracy?
How is information and data provided on government websites (national or state governments) useful for your professional work?
Do government agents sometimes feed false classified information as a control so that it would be possible to trace it back should it leak?
Is it certain that the EAMCET won’t be conducted in 2018 in Telangana State, or how much more time will it take for the state government to declare a decision?
What are timocracy, oligarchy, democracy, and tyranny?
Can impeachment (the process by which a legislative body formally levels charges against a high official of government (wiki)) happen in Malaysia?
How do small government conservatives justify government intrusion into areas such as marriage, family planning, privacy, and censorship?
Is either of your parent (in case of minor) / spouse, a government servant?
Who is the youngest member of 18F?
What is a government franchise, and what are some examples?
Why hasn't the US, who is supposed to be the standard bearer of democracy, changed to an election system that is more democratic?
If all people were united under one government/country, what would it be named?
What are the new schemes which got started by the NDA government after coming into power in 2014?
How will the Indian government avenge the death of 24 CRPF Jawans by Maoists?
Can the Iranian government steal the votes for Ebrahim Raisi in the Iranian elections?
Is the graph of BJP/central government has raised after demonetization?
What are the consequences of democracy? And what are examples of countries turning into democracies i.e. democratisation?
What is the best Administrative system to govern a nation?
What are the roles of nongovernmental organisations in intergovernmental relations?
What are the telltales of dictatorship?
What's the government budget (national budget) of Singapore?
What are the disadvantages of Indian trains? And how can our government rectify it?
Should the US government invest less in its military?
Shouldn't the government be accountable for each penny it spends?
Can the Indian government make a rule mandating a minimum of 3-to-5 years of Defence Service before joining any state or Central government job?
Why did democracy fail in Russia?
How does China's government work, in terms of communism and socialism?
Is it correct that government charges 150% tax on petroleum products?
Has the BJP government failed in internal security, external security and foreign policy?
How do I gain privileges for dependents at the Central Government Services?
What things has the government done to the earth?
In which branch of engineering could I get more government jobs?
Why does the United States government give subsidies to oil companies?
What's your view on the recent scrapping of 50% of the reservation for PG seats of Tamil Nadu government service doctors?
What is government doing, apart from condemning the incident and still waiting to initiate strong action against Naxalites in Chhattisgarh’s Sukma district?
What do you think of governments imposing smoking in private homes?
As a Pakistani, what is the biggest lie that the Pakistani government has been telling the Pakistani people?
What companies provide a data exchange marketplace for organizations and governments to buy and sell data?
What would be the pros and cons of having the Federal Government – rather than state and county governments – manage elections?
How would you refute this article? https://www.prageru.com/courses/history/why-private-investment-works-govt-investment-doesnt
What are the national security challenges of a constitutionally protected “free press”? What are the trade offs between transparency and security?
How do I represent an idea for our country in front of the Indian government?
How does a network society reshape government?
Why won't the Indian government revoke all the privileges given to the Kashmiri separatists?
What is the difference between a dictatorship and a totalitarian type of political system?
If you're a security guard appointed by a contractor at a Central government unit, and are mistreated regarding salary, what can you do? Whom can you complain to?
Are elections the real test of democracy?
Should the government focus on preserving natural environment and less on economic development?
Does the federal government have the power to disallow the election of judges within the states?
Is there any support from the Israeli government to get out of Gaza?
How does Federated Learning work?
Why does the government (NIRF) produce a rank-list of the colleges? Isn’t it a crime to discriminate a college based on rank?
What would happen if an American state for whatever reason adopted a parliamentary republic system of government?
How corrupted is the Indian government?
Is western technology and democracy the work of Shaitan?
What empowers the government?
Should government run like a business in the era of globalisation?
Where and how do governments source their borrowing?
Who benefits the most from taxes?
What are the distinct differences between a classic democracy, a republic, a liberal democracy, a majoritarian democracy, and a consensus democracy?
Will the Tamil Nadu government improve, and who will be the next CM?
What do Kashmir separatists plan to do if they get Kashmir?
In which government departments can we get contractual jobs?
Which form of government is followed by the UAE?
Can democracy and monarchy coexist?
Why do the privileged, powerful, and elite like the veil of democracy while at the same time disliking democracy?
What are the countries with dictatorships disguised as democracies?
How can the US government use the skills and knowledge of Sam Harris?
When did the balance of power in the west first shift from government to the news companies?
How is data and information available on government websites used in your professional work? Please advise.
Is democracy needed?
If there was a world government, would a democracy be best?
What did Mikhail Gorbachev mean in this excerpt of his farewell address?
Where do you live and are you happy with the government in your country?
What are the three levels of the government in a country?
How does Germany’s Constitutional Court defend German democracy?
What is a “zero governance role” in arbitration?
What have been the best form of government among, anarchy, monarchy, aristocracy, democracy, autocracy, fascism and communism?
How does it feel to be a son/daughter of a corrupt government officer?
What should the Democratic Party do to best achieve its goals under this current government?
What are the instances when you had to give bribe to get your work done in government departments?
What is one fundamental change you would make to American government?
Can Indonesia still be considered a liberal democracy?
Why is it that US government agencies only release information only after a specified time period?
Why is Asia absent from the history of democracy?
What does the government do when an insanely large group of people of the same religion demand people of other religions to leave their country?
How can we understand non-democratic regimes?
How would you have implemented the Ude Desh ka Aam Nagrik (UDAN) scheme?
Why doesn't the US government pass a bill to stop lobbying if they truly want to stop corruptions?
Who said, "The best government is by far the least government?”
Why does the U.S. media keep implying the U.S. is a direct democracy when it is a representative democracy?
What will happen if Palangkaraya becomes Indonesia's national capital?
How can a country like somalia achieve stable government?
How do governments determine undocumented people's place of origin?
What can you do with an intelligence degree outside of government agencies?
Why can't the Indian Punjab government legalise homosexuality at a state level, as Sikhism has nothing against it?
Is it legal to ask money for parking at government stadiums?
What does the head clerk do in government in India? Is the job respectful?
What books explain how wealth and power has made democracy a false name for the system of the US?
Is Australia really a true democracy?
Is it possible to promote democracy without political parties?
Which books are considered the bibles to learn the principles of democracy, capitalism, socialism and governance?
If we had a nonviolent revolution to starve and abolish the federal government, what side would the majority of police and military take?
Why can governments spy on people but the vice versa is not true? Why can’t people spy on the government?
Does the nation state need to be replaced with a new form of government?
What angers you (most) about the federal government?
What will happen if the federal system is cancelled in our country?
What are some of the factors that foreign governments could use to make law enforcement and governance of India much more efficient & effective?
Why is the Indian Government doing nothing to popularize Tamil worldwide?
If democracy is considered essential, why are people who stand for election so vilified?
Are taxes "trickle up" economics whereby the masses of Americans are convinced to voluntarily enrich the few?
What is stopping the government from arresting or completely neutralizing all the Maoist groups in India?
What if India and the J&K government make stone-pelting illegal?
Are there any alternatives to surveillance for reducing crime?
Is the freedom of speech in danger through the recent actions made my AP government actions?
What are the challeges of achieving world government?
Is the US the only country where local government buildings wave flags of a terrorist organization that waged a failed attempt to destroy the country?
If people get brainwashed by right-wing parties and they elect a corrupt government in India, how can democracy exist then?
Have you ever personally helped a very common man get his work done in a government office?
What is the reason that any government cannot just print as much money as it needs? Why does it lead to hyperinflation?
Can relatives of government employees trade?
How is the government helping SMBs in India?
Should the government abolish the lottery?
Will the Templars succeed in creating the first AI-headed government?
What is a good way to communicate if I think my government is tapping my communication?
Why is the Modi government proving to be lazy in tackling the Naxal issue of Bastar?
Do you think the government will shut down on Friday, May 5th, 2017?
Can a central government employee publish a book and sell it?
Why is Modi's government not making the swipe machine or UPI mandatory in provisional stores?
Should the UK adopt more Swiss style direct democracy?
What is meant by "loss of regulatory fidelity" in the context of government?
Should the Indian government put forth a nationwide heath insurance program, mandatory for all, in order to assure a minimal level of care for all?
Why are government officers in MP still not getting promotions? Why isn't the Modi government responding?
What data marketplace companies enable businesses and governments to buy and sell data in a secure platform?
How can I take over the central bank of my country?
What are the advantages of government franchises?
What is the different between a governor and a lieutenant governor in India?
Why are state government jobs not good in India?
How much is the profit in a dairy business with 5 cows and 5 buffaloes, what are the government schemes and how can one benefit from such schemes?
What is like to work in a company with stringent governance?
Do you want Khilafat in Pakistan?
If cattle smuggling is a big issue in our country, why doesn't our government seal the Indo-Bangladesh border?
Should Americans be allowed to form healthcare co-ops locally with government assistance?
Should we consider North Korea a criminal organization instead of a government?
Why did the Oregon state government fine someone for criticizing their traffic system?
Do you think "think about the children" is the excuse used most often by the government?
What are the duties of the 3 branches of government?
Why do some people think that the AAP government has not been doing anything?
Why does the government not legalize marijuana?
How should machine government be introduced?
What are some good jobs in government relations?
What is the criteria for selecting cities under the UDAN scheme by the central government?
Can I fill a government vacancy on the basis of a provisional certificate?
Which part of the government stores, controls, and distributes the country's wealth?
What are the disadvantages of a government franchise?
Why isn’t the Indian government accepting the help of Israel to tackle the problem of Naxalism?
With all the government corruption, why don’t the patriots & militias stand up and restore our Republic and enforce our Constitution?
How many new courts is the Modi government making? What is the average time for verdicts now?
What are some ways you would change the government, if you could?
What is the relationship between governance and democracy in India?
What are the typical results of government-imposed price controls on markets?
If you don't like the ‘flavour’ of democracy in your country, what other options are available?
How do banks affect the government?
Why is the Indian government soft on Maoists?
What is community government? Is there a parallel model in India? If yes, what is the difference?
Why did the central government turn a blind eye towards protesting Tamilnadu farmers in Newdelhi?
Why is it important for the government to consider unemployment?
Why did the Kenyan government recognize the Makonde as a tribe but not the Ogiek?
Why does America dislike the Scandinavian-style social democracy so vehemently?
What would happen if governments and politicians themselves start doing illegal stuff for personal gains?
Is China communist? If not really, then why does the U.S. keep saying that?
Why does the government make it so difficult for minors to work?
If you could release any classified document in the US government, which one would it be and why?
How much money will the Indian government give to families of soldiers killed?
If the US government knew a doomsday scenario would happen in two days, should they tell the general public?
What is the actual position/policy of Germany's government about refugees?
Are there any government jobs (state or central) for biomedical engineers?
How do I demand for a country specially for SC/STs from the Indian government?
Can I improve a road on my own in India without government intervention?
How can one do business in a country where there is no government? Or rather where the government is confused?
The UP government cancels 15 public holidays on VIPs' birth/death anniversaries. Is it a good initiative?
How should Government deal with open Nalas/Drains/streams that are passing through the city?
Should politicians who advocate for war, be required to send their own children to the front-lines?
How do you describe 3 years of Kejriwal government?
Why don’t parliamentarians clap in the house?
If you were immortal, are you really in danger by nefarious governments?
How is information and data provided on government websites (national or state governments) useful for your professional work?
How much does a scientist in the government earn?
What are modern day examples of the separation of powers in the US government?
How many government agencies are there in the Philippines?
Which country was the first to have a democracy?
How is the Uttarakhand government prepared to prevent the fall of the Tehri Dam due to earthquakes?
How do dictatorships become free?
Which is the best circle online for giving government feedback on LED subsidy?
Why is the Modi government forcefully making Aadhaar cards compulsory? The Supreme Court has already stated that it shouldn't​ be compulsory.
How can some make illegal money in a government funded IT project?
Is z+ security government approved?
What are the good things that BJP-led central government has inherited from its predecessor, the UPA government?
What are the incentives for taking over the world?
If the US government can tell states to allow gay marriage, can it also tell states to stop collecting state taxes?
How are government welfare schemes implemented in India from the centre to the village level?
What is the effective date for the new Common Examination proposed by the Central government?
How can governments, especially the British keep telling us terrorism will not change our lives?
What are the main principles of the constitution?
Now that Republicans control the federal government, will they repeal any firearms laws?
What are the roles of nongovernmental organisations in intergovernmental relations?
What are the benefit of running an open Government?
Which organ of the government is in charge of the execution of the government’s policies?
Where on this earth can I live freely without a government’s control?
What percentage of the population in the United States believes that democracy and republic are antagonist notions?
What benefits do people with disabilities get from the government in India?
What are some dissertation topics on corporate governance?
On what points should the Indian government work on to become a leader of first-world countries?
How do we get passport renewal NOC from a government organization if the employee is currently suspended and under departmental inquiry?
Why does the Indian government fail to catch bad people who live in foreign countries?
What is the Modi government's stance against mass layoffs in the IT industry?
How long does it take to receive survivors’ benefits from the US government?
Are the citizens in Portugal pleased with their government?
Do companies not apply for SBIR/STTR grants because the government/military is known for stealing technologies?
Is there any way to know if the government is spying on me?
Why did the government not take action regarding Kasmiri Pandit?
Why were governments formed?
In what circumstances would the federal government hire a felon?
What were the best policies of the previous Congress government, in comparison to the current BJP government?
What is Bolivia's type of government?
Why can't anyone see the government’s corruption?
Did the spending bill pass, and is the government going to shut down?
What happens to government officials or agents abroad if a country collapses?
Is Swiss democracy the perfect democracy?
Does the government provide funds to young startups in the educational field?
What steps have the government taken to improve the condition of construction workers?
Which branch should I prefer for a government job?
How can a free democracy protect itself from the deep state?
What is the in-hand salary of a government TGT teacher? How will it increase?
What are the recent evidences of existence of a one world government/Illuminati/shadow government?
What could Malaysia government do to increase the public safety?
Is communism reviving?
Is India's relatively stable democracy one of the greatest political miracles of all time?
What is bad about democracy?
Would it be possible to turn the USA to a dictatorship, if possible how?
Who is running for governor of the state of Georgia?
What are some measures being taken by African governments to combat Wildlife poaching?
When did the balance of power in the west first shift from government to the news companies?
Can I open 2 NPS accounts in government service?
Why does Indian government put restrictions on import of gold?
Why can’t Barcelona ban bullfighting?
Is there any evidence that a Head of Government, negotiating with a foreign power, is strengthened when they have a large majority in the legislature?
What is the purpose of a unitary government?
Which steps could be taken by the government in order to reduce the consumption of a product that is harmful to our health?
Can culture contribute to poor governance?
Why is an autocratic government better than a democratic government for economic growth?
What is an allied government?
How does it feel to be a son/daughter of a corrupt government officer?
What are some examples of a unitary state?
What if Mexico was the fascist dictatorship that started World War II?
Who do democrats think is more holy, Jesus or the government?
Why doesn't the government do more to fight multiculturalism?
How are autocracy and democracy alike?
Why does the U.S. media keep implying the U.S. is a direct democracy when it is a representative democracy?
Why is the BJP government keen on suppressing the Keezhadi Archaeological site research?
What are some examples of wasteful government expenditures?
Why is OROP only implemented with Indian soldiers and not to other government officials in the post office, railways, etc.?
What is the government's PDO (public data office) like? Is it a good place to start your working career?
How does one overthrow a government and establish a new dictatorship?
Why did the BJP government fall?
Are there any countries with democracies that are getting stronger?
What do you call a failure of government to efficiently allocate resources?
Why do "Government Employees" scuttle the procedures while getting the things done in stipulated period?
How does the UDAN scheme of the Union Government work?
Why don't the Indian government subsidize big budget movies like Bahuballi?
How do I get an unemployed youth stipend from the Tamil Nadu government?
In companies and governments, why do we have one person at the top rather than a group?
How probable is the fact that governments anti-tobacco campaign is a well prepared cover up of an excuse for this huge and growing tax revenue source?
How can I fight against the administration?
Is the freedom of speech in danger through the recent actions made my AP government actions?
What are the operational differences between a crown corporation and a government corporation/ministry?
Is Israel a model democracy?
How will the government make sure a composition firm in GST regime is actually liable for composition scheme and not regular tax scheme?
Has a government funded programs that explore precognition in human beings?
Why should hillbilly states like Alabama and Kansas have the same congressional representation as larger civilized states?
Are we going to see an unexpected move from Indian Government to handle Pakistan, in couple of days?
Do you think the government will shut down on Friday, May 5th, 2017?
What guidance should a government of a country adopt while making a financial policy?
Since macroeconomic models cannot predict the future, are they then just rationalizations of government and business decisions?
How is seniority of a state/central government employee decided and is there any special provision for the Police Department?
Why does Austria have a federal system of government despite being small?
How can hackers crash economies, destroy governments and bring society to its knees?
Did Loyalist paramilitaries obtain weapons from foreign governments?
Has anyone made the transition from software development in the private sector to the government sector and was it worth it?
Is Bharat Sevak Samaajh (BSS) a government organization? Does having a job at BSS mean you are a government employee?
What are the sources of income for the government of an undeveloped country?
Why isn’t the Indian government taking any action against the growing population?
How has government intervention improved the quality and price of healthcare in the US since the 1950's?
What happened in the Russian government between 1920 and 1922?
What type of economic system is most supported by economists?
How can I contact the head of the Indian government?
What can be the impact of a really good speech delivered by a federal government official?
Why is it important to apply the democratic principles to the governance of corporations?
Why doesn't the government make it illegal for the misuse of antibiotics in slaughterhouses? They’re creating superbugs while feeding us crap.
What are the milestone changes that were made by the NaMo government on business in India?
What is the demand of government bus drivers in Tamil Nadu?
Would children be dissuaded from buying hash and other narcotics if the government said it can be legally purchased in large quantities?
Can the state government (or) individual ministries provide tax benefits for receiving CSR donations?
How is appointment by president different from appointment by central government?
Is it possible that alternative forms of communism would work? Can you think of similar approaches?
What does government and politics mean to you?
What is democracy? What are its characteristics?
What will happen to BITS Pilani if the government passes a law for reservation in private-deemed colleges?
How does [can] the Russian government influence foreign elections?
Why do we need a legislative council?
Is it necessary for an Anglo-Indian to be a resident of a concerned state to be nominated as a member of their legislative council?
How do governments compete?
Can a government employee do trading in India?
Why does the government care more for physical maturity than mental maturity?
How do I get rich from the government?
Do people have the government they deserve?
What is community government?
Why is the government not taking hydrocarbon from garbage in the mega-cities, like they are doing in Sweden?
Does Trump have no shame for firing a good man like Comey?
Why is the government not implementing rainwater harvesting projects on a national scale, in order to deal with water shortages?
What is the unitary system of government characterized for?
Which article of the Constitution of India allows for the government to take over of private enterprises at will?
Would billionaires exist without the aid of government regulation?
Should the Indian government link the donations made for political funding with the Aadhar?
How strong is the correlation between national secularism and government corruption?
Do you think the Indian parliamentary system​ needs to be scrapped?
What are the conditions for generating a government electrical license?
Is ISBF Delhi a government institute?
What are the key achievements of the Modi government after three years in power?
What can replace democracy and the capitalistic culture that is failing globally due to corruption and lack of leaders (who have become politicians)?
What types of problems can the state government resolve?
Could a cult "register" as a religion with the government so they would not pay taxes?
Can impeachment (the process by which a legislative body formally levels charges against a high official of government (wiki)) happen in Malaysia?
What steps should be taken by the Indian government to stop the attacks on foreign women visitors?
What are the new schemes which got started by the NDA government after coming into power in 2014?
How does privatization of government agencies work?
Will the daily lives of ordinary Taiwanese people change, assuming their current government accepts the one country, two systems model?
Why did the British government build the Indian Railways system?
What are the top 5 competencies that are necessary to be a CPA in the government?
What would happen if all non-essential govt. programs were implemented into the private sector?
Is the US government still in a state of emergency?
Where do our tax dollars go? And is there a breakdown of how the US government spends our money?
Why doesn’t the BJP take quick action on the ban on plastic, pesticides, chemical foods, garbage and potholes like they took quick action on demonetization?
Which has more control over Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland: the Westminster government or the devolved governments?
What is the government doing to promote entrepreneurship in Kenya?
Is BJP government in Maharashtra treating people fairly?
If Republicans/Libertarians seek less government, putting financing of public services on the states, isn't secession the solution?
Can a government employ take the study leave?
Are IT jobs better than government jobs? What is your perception?
Is the Philippines an oligarchy?
What form of government would you like to have in your country?
Has any ethnic Bengali held a position at any level in the Pakistan Government post-71?
Exactly what constitutes treason? Is foreign government hacking not a form of warfare?
Does KV give admission for the students whose fathers are not government employees?
Can a state government employee appear for the IES exam?
Why does government privatise PSUs when they make so much profit?
Why can't the government give more power to IAS officers over politicians?
What is government doing, apart from condemning the incident and still waiting to initiate strong action against Naxalites in Chhattisgarh’s Sukma district?
Why has the central government in India been given more power than state governments?
I want to show businesses where they are not compliant before the government tracks them down. How and where could I market this?
Why does FARC rebel against the Colombian government?
Who has the power in communism?
Is there any scope of an interior designer in government sector?
What can we learn about life from pragmatic governments?
How would you refute this article? https://www.prageru.com/courses/history/why-private-investment-works-govt-investment-doesnt
Does the USA government financially owe anything to any rich families in the USA?
Why do governments borrow money instead of printing it?
Whats Martial law?
What is one of the most prominent mistakes made by a government official in the United States?
Why doesn’t the government declare an emergency and ban reservation?
Why are Indians addicted to government jobs?
How different is the democracy between Indonesia and Norway?
What role should governments play in investing in startups?
What is subsidence?
Why is cash printed by governments?
If I travelled back in time 20 years to the past and got stuck, how would I prove my identity to a government?
Will the Indian Government privatize Oil India?
Under what authority could the Governor-General of India annex a state under the Doctrine of Lapse?
Which government authorities are responsible for setting a plant?
Why does the Indian government not take any steps against separatists?
Do government entities arise from citizen demand for more government?
What do Kashmir separatists plan to do if they get Kashmir?
How do I get a Central OBC Certificate for a Central Govt. Recruitment post online? What are the procedures needed for an offline post if the online option is unavailable?
Why can't the government selling liquor to citizens be challenged in court?
Why have the citizens of India become so impatient? They glorify and criticize the government after each incident.
What can government agencies, private companies, and individuals do to alleviate global warming?
Who is getting the highest salary in the Government of India?
Is the government of India running any scheme for English?
Is the Indian government showing a very lenient attitude towards the Pakistani government?
Is ISI a government institute?
How can you seek help from the USA government?
What type of government would an advanced extra terrestrial species have in place?
How can liberal progressives make a case for more government intervention in our lives and at the same time hate the president?
Where do you live and are you happy with the government in your country?
Why was the Qing government so hated?
How can I know if a person (say, Mr. A) currently works for the Federal government?
Will a unified world government ever happen?
What is the minimum amount of time that has been observed to implement an infrastructure with government support in a corrupted country?
How can governments properly assess whether their Countering Violent Extremism (CVE) programs work?
How important is change in life and in governance (politics)?
When will Modi take action on Maoists and terrorists?
What is the best way to exposed the government?
Why doesn't our government use forts and palaces as a workplace?
Why doesn't the US government pass a bill to stop lobbying if they truly want to stop corruptions?
What do you think of the government of Armenia?
Should presidents be held accountable for racist and defamatory remarks against their peers and other government officials?
What is the correlation between prosperity of the economy and form of government?
How can you become a government employee?
How would you appraise your current government?
What would Plato have thought of US democracy today?
Is Australia really a true democracy?
Why is there a slowdown in the market even when BJP's central government is providing facilities?
How the government select the state bird, animal , tree and others ?
Will UEM give a government degree?
Which books are considered the bibles to learn the principles of democracy, capitalism, socialism and governance?
How did democracy spread after the USSR fell?
How good is the performance of yogi government?
Why is the MP government banning lifting sand from rivers?
Should Canadians lecture Americans more about the government and the awful behavior towards Canadians?
What are modern day examples of Judicial Review in the US Government?
What will be the impact of the tax cut by the American government on Indian markets?
How do you rate the performance of the Modi government after 3 years?
If you needed a legal agreement between you and someone else, what do you need to do?
Which are the government jobs in medical?
What are the government departments that allow tattoos?
Do Iranians support an American invasion to overthrow their dictator government and establish a democratic republic?
Is the Chinese government challenging the notion that democracy is the best governing system?
Why do government sector banks and public sector companies spend on advertisements in metro trains or public offices?
Why would you like to join the government sector?
How do the 3 different forms of government work?
How would the Chinese government react if Vietnam decided to promote democracy and become an American ally?
How can I contact people in government and/or policymaking positions to interview them for my thesis in economics?
What established the federal system of government in Australia?
What brought an end to the Taiwanese dictatorship?
What is the defining characteristic of a federal system of government?
What's the real aim of the Chinese government’s restriction in selling and buying houses?
How does Olson’s logic of collective action explain why democracy can be reverted to authoritarian rule?
How do I apply for internships in a government department information systems sector?
Why is it important to get Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac out of government ownership?
Do you have a positive impression about your government overall?
If a libertarian document like the US constitution could not prevent slavery, should an attempt to limit the government be considered futile?
How does the government track me online?
Can you critically analyse the Modi government's performance?
How can democracy best be protected?
How has the BJP-led government failed?
What are the best methods IAS officers should adopt and the government should implement to protect the officers from life threats?
When will there be a time when a state or the government issues visas to your country of choice to avoid poverty, unemployment, and prejudice?
I lose thousands of dollars a year in federal, state, and local taxes. Isn't that money better than anything the government could promise to give me?
Where is direct democracy possible?
Can government ask a PSU employee to leave its constitutionally provided reservation?
How is a new government made?
Is there a 'shadow government'?
Are there any faults at all under the Modi government?
How many new courts is the Modi government making? What is the average time for verdicts now?
Does anyone still feel that a congressional government is better than the current Modi Sarkar government? Why?
Why were both political parties so keen on dumping their leader while in government in the 10 years after the Howard government?
Could someone build a corporation that is able to influence/alter a government decision?
What is the central government doing for youth, nowadays?
If people’s individual rights are protected by the government, is it the people's responsibility to protect the people from structural violence?
Does the Indian government give any subsidies for medical education?
Are there any corporations owned by multiple governments?
Is the lottery really just another giant scheme that the government conjured up to help line their pockets?
Why is limited government considered good?
How do fake markets, like in Shanghai or even New York, exist? And how do they import the fake stuff? Why does the government nothing against it?
Why is the Indian government soft on Maoists?
How did the Australian public service change in the years since the fall of the Howard government?
What steps should be taken against Nakshal and for the Nakshali area?
Does the Chinese government give money to the aged on a monthly basis?
Is China communist? If not really, then why does the U.S. keep saying that?
What conditions or measures would encourage there to be a greater amount of whistleblowers in the US government?
What has the Indian government done to improve in-flight services provided by Air India?
Which government has more corrupt politicians in it, NDA or UPA?
What can African governments & ordinary citizens do to stop desertification?
Do you think that there will ever be a true meritocratic technocracy?
Can India afford to have a benevolent dictatorship to solve its internal problems?
Has parliamentary democracy failed in India?
Can an employee of a government organisation claim tax benefits under section 80E?
Why is the Indian government not talking about unification of rivers?
Can a government employee buy a truck for commercial use?
What would the UK be like under a Green Party government?
Are we going towards an Internet where it's heavily controlled by governments, unequal, political and without truth?
Which central government departments are covered under the Central Health Service Scheme?
Given so much spying and surveillance, how embassies exchange highly secret messages to their home country/government?
Which Indian government policies could be better using digitisation?
In what event is the seniority of a directly recruited person in a government job lost?
What are the government permissions/licenses required before opening a transport (logistics) business in Tamil Nadu?
Will the Indian government ever conduct any survey on the LGBT+ population of India?
Will Tory's abolition of school lunches lose them votes?
Is either of your parent (in case of minor) / spouse, a government servant?
Is democratic form of government in India becoming autocratic?
Do you think that an alien invasion is the only thing that could ultimately lead to a one world government?
Who will decide if a nation can follow a presidential system or parliamentary system?
Why do we vote for democracy and capitalism but expect 'equality' and healthcare from the state?
How will the Indian government avenge the death of 24 CRPF Jawans by Maoists?
Do the profits earned by companies owned by Vijay Mallya go to the government banks now? If not, then why?
In what countries does the government have access to bank accounts in the form of a central register? Why is it supposed to serve?
Why doesn’t Mexico do what Venezuela is doing to its government, by taking up arms and fighting the corruption head-on in the streets?
What are the disadvantages of Indian trains? And how can our government rectify it?
How can the student government make pep rallies more enjoyable?
Do people realise that food banks are provided by the church and not subsidised by the government?
How does China's government work, in terms of communism and socialism?
Is the government of Singapore oppressing its people?
What are the mistakes of the present central government?
Are governments finding new ways to suppress the media?
Has the power sector in India shown significant growth and development in the 3 years of the Modi government?
How do people from other countries view Americans? Do you understand that the actions of the government are not always what the citizens want?
Can the government make any law which proves necessary for any ongoing case?
What are the national security challenges of a constitutionally protected “free press”? What are the trade offs between transparency and security?
Is it possible to work sincerely at a government job?
Do governments inject money into the economy in correlation to inflation?
Will Facebook be regulated? What would regulation look like?
What is the impact of governmental institutions in society?
Is our government doing enough to search for new oil reserves in all three of the Indian administered water bodies?
How much does the US government spend on drug enforcement? How would this change with drug legalization?
In what ways is the US federal government efficient (or not)?
Why is the world (government) not doing anything for the poor?
Is there any support from the Israeli government to get out of Gaza?
How can a politician who didn't win the election still become a minister in the government?
Is western technology and democracy the work of Shaitan?
Is a grade C post in the central government transferable or nontransferable?
How will the states be able to manage Medicaid much better than the federal government, with lower costs and less waste, fraud, and abuse?
How does influence group affect government policy?
Can a government servant take leave in continuation of a tour abroad?
What are the distinct differences between a classic democracy, a republic, a liberal democracy, a majoritarian democracy, and a consensus democracy?
How can private property be abolished without state intervention?
What should I look for in a private psychiatrist that isn't government affiliated & corrupt?
If the queen can fire the Australian government, can she do so with the US government?
Why would some people discourage freebies from the government, but not from corporations (as in JIO)?
What was the British government's reaction to the long term success of the United States following American Independence?
Do you think that our government employees are overpaid? Do you think that limiting their salaries to a more reasonable amount could help bring this country’s budget back in line?
What would you do if your government took no income tax?
How do you feel about A White Man's Government?
How can the government lower spending?
Why is the Thai government so concerned with their King being shown in a crop top?
What can the federal government of Nigeria do to empower the local governments to create development?
Is starving the federal government of wealth and power necessary and possible?
With all the past problems and current problems with the RCMP, why doesn't the government just disband the organization?
Which type of government is suitable for India-left, right, authoritarian or liberal?
What is the data governance operating model procedure?
What would happen if there appeared a 750,000 square mile nation populated entirely by Quorans?
What do socialists think about government bonds?
What are the laws about 3D mapping and modelling of private buildings, government buildings, and road structures in India?
What is the NDA government doing to curb slow job growth and unemployment?
Is China now trying to become a bigger terrorist than the US government?
Can states separate in a federal country?
How do I approach government officials when my startup plan has been implemented by the ministry itself without any intimation to me?
What is an example of a political position that is anti-government and anti-market at the same time?
What are the instances when you had to give bribe to get your work done in government departments?
What is one fundamental change you would make to American government?
What is the best SBI house loan scheme for a government employee?
Where can I find a database of names of UK/US citizens for my research on names & religion? Would it be in a public domain, or are there any hacks?
Is NIFT a semi government institution?
What could be some of the long-term results of a law that prohibits anyone with an income above $500,000 from holding a government office? Does it help with corruption?
Why is the government only able to catch a marginal about counterfeit bills?
Why does the government have disability benefits? Is it our fault if a person has, for example, epilepsy or is overweight?
How can we understand non-democratic regimes?
What is an “ex gratia payment”?
Are income tax payers (especially private organisation employees, like software engineers) getting any benefits from the Central Government?
Should citizens give their governments unconditional support even when they commit war crimes and crimes against humanity?
Why are Americans so obedient towards their government? Why don't they ever go on strike?
Is NEEPCO software government based?
Why is the Indian government not taking action against Pakistan?
Is it possible that The Economist magazine’s news could be influenced by any corporation or government for their own benefit?
Does the government use fluoride in water to control its population?
How and why has Arvind Kejriwal changed?
Will there always be dictatorships?
What books explain how wealth and power has made democracy a false name for the system of the US?
What is Irish democracy?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of a constitutional republic?
How many factions are there within the US government (not just in Congress but in all other various agencies)?
What is the shortest and best Definitions of institution?
Can an IT startup company get a government project?
Why do we have a government that responds to effects rather than causes?
What will happen if the federal system is cancelled in our country?
What would happen if a world government declared a nation’s government so corrupt it was found to be "Criminally Insane"?
How can one best determine the likelihood that politicians will govern well, whatever their political persuasions?
Are there any alternatives to surveillance for reducing crime?
Will the BJP government force us to stand for the Mahishmatti anthem in the future?
What is India doing about the ongoing agitation and government take over by the president in Venezuela?
What is the average compensation for a general (all stars) in any of the four major branches (army, navy, marines, air force) of the U.S. military?
What is the difference between the goals of a government manager and a public office manager?
According to you, which form of government could Quora be, if Quorans ever need a Quoran government?
Is there a term for wanting adverse events to occur to prove a point?
Is there a some kind of restriction that governs all laws made? Or is there no limitation other than what it might do to the suits' public image?
Is it possible for Governement to start Intra-state flights in India for states like Punjab?
Why has every single government failed on two issues — Kashmir & Naxals?
Why doesn't the Himachal Pradesh Congress government legalise homosexuality in their state before the next state assembly elections?
What are the benefits of the SAMPADA scheme that was launched by the government? Also, what is the current status of its approval?
If the Central Government makes laws, do they apply to every citizen of the country or just the people of the union territories?
Can a government employee take a loan, and what interest rate will be charged?
Why is the Indian government not aiding Hindu organizations?
Given the difficulty of interpreting government acts, i.e., summarizing content and impact of bills, is it surprising that commentators disagree?
How can I buy a surplus humvee from the government?
What do you think it will take to establish a stable government in Ethiopia?
Is it possible that the UK could end up without a government for the next five years, as a result of the upcoming June elections?
According to Awdhesh Singh, which is better, communism or democracy?
Why hasn’t the Indonesian government taken down pirated movie stalls?
Does the Pakistan government brainwash its people?
What are the constraints stopping the Indian government from acting strongly against Pakistan’s continual threats?
How does the Afghan government manage to keep a good relation with so many countries in the world?
What countries have a presidential democracy?
What should be the retirement age of state government employees in the Maharashtra state of India? http://annakadam.solapurssi.in
Why is the Indian economy sinking under the Modi government?
If we measure achievement vs promises, is the Modi government the worst ever?
What government services and jobs could be easily automated today?
Would it be advisable to invest in the Philippines especially under the new government?
Should India think about transforming the country's government from a parliamentary system to an executive presidency?
Why did nothing ever happen after the 2001 National Press Club disclosure by 21 retired government employees about the reality of UFOs?
How many Americans are pro-democracy vs pro-autocracy?
Do any of you feel that local government should be more prominent than federal government?
Is it worse for the government to limit the number of children a person can have or to force women to carry unwanted pregnancies to term?
What stops any president from commanding the army to hold all other branches of the US government hostage to gain total control over the government?
What would our world be like if government did not exist?
How did extreme nationalism lead to an age of dictatorship?
If the government fails to hold elected and/or appointed officials accountable for violations, what authority prevails to do so?
How can a corrupt government be fought by a revolution?
Will automation lead to the killing of jobs in the government sector also?
What is a federal system of government and what are some examples?
What are the side-effects of liberty and freedom?
If a billionaire created an independent state similar to Rapture in Bioshock, would you sign up?
Is there any list of available government pleaders in Lucknow?
If the US government knew a doomsday scenario would happen in two days, should they tell the general public?
Is government transparency damaging the integrity of politicians?
How can we improve the bureaucracy in Portugal or Brazil?
Why do many governments add high taxes to cigarettes?
Does the government spy on us through electronics? How?
How do government bonds function?
Is the American government going take action apart from sanctioning the terrorist organisation in Pakistan?
Why is democracy preferred as compared to other forms of government?
Why do republicans take more money from the federal government than they pay?
Is there any difference between the Modi government and Congress government?
What would America be like under the leadership of Smedley Butler and a fascist government?
Does the state government have the power to change the fiscal year?
Did all progressive change/ideas come from a generation of people taking LSD? And why does no one care that the government was secretly testing it on civilians?
What is the US’s response to Soviet hacking incursions into the elections of various Western democracies?
If you had the chance to reform our government with the snap of a finger, what changes would you make?
While you can't legally get alcohol if you are under 21 at least in some countries, can you give people alcohol who are over 21?
What is the ideal relationship between people and government?
When will we have a government that does not adopt minority appeasement as the only method to gain advantage?
Is Thailand on its way back to democracy? And will will the new constitution put Thailand on a path to democracy? Or further political uncertainty?
What do you think about your government?
Do we need a universal goverment?
For an engineering graduate over 30 years of age in India, which government jobs are left?
Why do Malaysians still pin hopes on changing the government in the next general election?
How do the poor experience political democracy in India?
Has the success of the ACLU improved its credibility, power and influence?
What is the impact on the economy if the government is highly indebted?
Why don't government school teachers send their own children to the government school in which they are teaching?
What is the government spending our tax money on that we just cannot afford?
Does the government create diseases and flues to weed out the population?
Overall, what do you think about the government's moves to tackle black money?
Why can't the government start new courts and deliver speedy justice?
Did Labour set such a benchmark, with public services and the NHS that no Government can deliver the same standard?
What things has the government done to the earth?
Why does the United States government give subsidies to oil companies?
How​ can the Indian government stop the Maoist attacks?
Is it a criminal offense as a government official to lie to the press?
Should there be more transparency in how the Singapore government manages our CPF?
Is it possible to create a house that is protected from demolition?
Do you think protests against government in Serbia has impact on domestic politics?
Is an unauthorized absence-based termination possible in government jobs?
What infrastructural changes has the Indian government done to prevent floods in Mumbai/Chennai after these cities have been affected in the recent past?
How do I represent an idea for our country in front of the Indian government?
Do temples get funding from the government like madrasas?
Does the federal government have the power to disallow the election of judges within the states?
What is the difference between a republican government and a despotic government?
What if I don't want to subject myself to the government's rules and don't want to be a citizen?
Where and how do you file complaints against an irregular government employee?
Why no one is questioning government policy on Kashmir and death of Indian soldiers?
How do people from India feel about their government?
Why doesn't China promote its style of government in other countries?
Why isn’t there close monitoring of the working method in government offices in spite of so many complaints from the public?
Is republican a best government looking at USA or rather an ulcer to the citizens?
What is the difference between federal, republic and Democratic?
What is the present pay scale for engineers in the central government cordite factory?
Why is it okay to pay extra to skip the queue for a government service?
Why don't our government create a better religion?
What are the exact steps that would have to take place for Canada to become a government like the US (President, VP, etc.) as opposed to PM and queen, etc?
When are ITI government online admissions open in Karnataka?
Why do the BJP government reduced vacancies by 70% and betrayed youth?
Is the U.S. federal government an efficient and democratic government?
Can the Indian government adopt the same model of health insurance policy as that of the USA? If so, why has it not been adopted yet?
Is it possible for someone (individual, group, company/organization, government, or calamity) to shut down, cripple, or destroy "the internet" completely?
How can the US government use the skills and knowledge of Sam Harris?
What fictional government is most evil?
Do republicans have any argument except the constitutional one when they say that local government is better than the federal government?
What is the best photograph of government corruption?
Shouldn't Republicans be given a free pass to run the government any way they see fit?
Is democracy needed?
Working in Apple or a government job, which is better?
What salary can you get as an MBBS government doctor?
Which Indian government officer job has minimum political influence?
Are you for or against government monitoring? And why?
If you could build a government from scratch, what system would you try to install?
Why doesn't the government invest in startups?
Is the post office governed by the Congress or by the President?
Does the US government still hate communism?
Why do conservative Republicans want small government control? In what way will this work for the country (as per their perspective)?
What are the benefits of being an Indian government employee?
How can I serve my own nation?
Will Aman Goel, with his skills and knowledge, work with the Indian government for the overall betterment of the country?
What may the government be hiding?
Do major cities have evacuation plans in case of emergencies?
How should I prepare to get a government job after passing 12th?
Don’t our politicians and administrators have that much guts to send their children to government schools?
Why isn’t the Indian Government taking strict action against the killing of the CRPF jawans by the Naxalites?
Has anyone ever sued the US government over its drug laws?
Is there any chance of the increment of vacancies in the government sector rising in the near future (in the next 6 months)?
Do developing nations have spies within the US government typically?
Would having 18-30-year-old people in government leadership roles benefit a nation?
What if the government developed public grievance cells at each district level to address day-to-day problems of the public?
If the United States government was overthrown, what's the likely way it would play out?
Is UPES a private or government body?
What can our government do to widen the tax net, because very few people pay their taxes?
Is India a transitional or an embedded democracy?
What do Keralites think of the Communist rule? Are they satisfied with the CPI Government?
Why is the U.S. government always possible to be shut down? How terrible is that?
How are nation states formed when there is conflict and migration?
Is India's trade policy under the Modi government better than that under Manmohan government?
How can I get a government construction license?
What are some words or expression that refer to the illicit relationship between governments and private companies?
Is there no way by which the government departments in India can work in sync?
Why is the USA government pro-Gulen and anti-Erdogan?
Why aren’t we hiring only leading scientists for our government and to be in charge?
Why do governments spend so much resources and energy to fight inflation?
What are the undemocratic laws passed and repealed by Indian government?
How many central government exams are held in India in a year?
Has the present form of China's government made life better for the common man?
What are the benefits to anarchy?
Can Hispanics get jobs when they arrive and illegally qualify for government subsidies?
Why is Naxalism still active? Why is our government not taking any initiative to end Naxalism?
Which is closer to a dictatorship - the Labour or Conservative Party?
What is local control in a federal state?
What should we do if government servants will not serve us according to our needs?
What would be 100% capitalist system like without any government?
What do you think of "Unacknowledged," the new documentary movie on UFOs and the U.S. government cover-up by Dr. Greer?
What data marketplace companies enable businesses and governments to buy and sell data in a secure platform?
My college is asking 20k for degree certificates of B.Tech, but I don’t want to. What should I do? Shall I approach media or any government official?
How intolerable is India under the Modi government?
Why did the Modi government stop all the vacancies, like SAIL (AE), Railway (SSE)?
Do you think the American government should spend more time investigating 7-11?
What kind of government programs does Germany have that deal with poverty?
How do I get government projects in IT field being a new company?
How did the role of the federal government expand during the Great Depression?
How is a constitutional republic founded?
There have been a lot of government related petitions of late. Can the citizens of a district or State compel a Congressman or Senator in any way?
Does the government give money to NGOs to run their organization?
How could "public governance" curb the rampant corruption that prevails in all the three arms of the government?
What would a UPA government have done about Kulbhushan Jadhav?
How is India being destroyed under BJP government?
What would be a new form of ruling other than democracy?
What is petticoat government?
What if the Kerala government decides to ignore the SC order to reinstate T.P. Senkumar as the SPC?
What are the schemes of government for old age people below poverty line?
Was there ever a small game created by the government to give people clues to help solve diseases?
If Democrats don't think sex is the government's concern, what do they think of the taxpayers funding birth control?
What are some fresh ways a government could raise revenue?
What are the differences between national policy and government policy?
What role did Congress and the BJP government play in the Kashmir riots?
Which business, government or academic organisation has the most PhDs?
Mr. Awdhesh Singh, what if govt. also starts firing people as in pvt. sector based on performance and not give permanent jobs?
How difficult is it to get a government job while working in the private sector?
The 7th CPC Allowance has been approved by the central government. Are BSNL employees qualified for this allowance?
What are the limitations that Indian democracy suffers?
Is work in Ahmedabad Metro a government job?
Why does the government always ban the Internet in Kashmir?
Has Modi’s government and Yogi’s government made any real changes in the life of a ordinary person?
Is corruption and laws geared toward helping the rich a consequence of the wealthy being in charge of the government?
What are the 12 major appropriations bills that the US Congress must pass to fund the government?
Are there any government jobs (state or central) for biomedical engineers?
The UP government cancels 15 public holidays on VIPs' birth/death anniversaries. Is it a good initiative?
Will the Modi government take serious action against Pakistan?
Can the government be blamed for everything that is happening in India?
Will the GST affect a state government's revenue?
What should be the best speech for democracy?
Why is a government ruled by judges extremely rare?
What do you think of the non-partisan politics?
What do you think about the latest permission of the central government for hydrocarbon projects in four districts of Tamil Nadu?
Why don't the opposition join hands in finding solutions to problems rather than criticising the ruling governments?
Can the government be blamed for everything that is happening in Odisha?
What is a government franchise, and what are some examples?
Have the government's accounts of what happened in Roswell in 1947 been confirmed?
How long can a US State reject a law passed by the Federal Government?
What is the benefit of an AAP government?
If the judicial and legislative branches of the U.S. government are too stupid to figure out Trump's guilt by now, do we really need such incompetence?
Explain how the US Constitution limits the power of government through a separation of powers and a system of checks and balances?
How do government sector organisations hire personal assistants?
What is the nature and importance of federalism?
How does a state government get a loan from RBI?
What are the consequences of democracy? And what are examples of countries turning into democracies i.e. democratisation?
What will happen if I don't tell the government about my previous passport attempt?
Can a government servant join a political party?
What is the best way to transition from a dictatorship to a true democracy?
Shouldn't the government be accountable for each penny it spends?
What is a data governance program?
Can the state government change SGST Act as per their state requirements?
The Modi government has a lot of schemes, but why is the public not benefiting from them?
What are the type and workings of the Pakistani government?
Will the central government demonetise the ten rupee coin?
Why are Americans so naive to believe in democracy?
Why hasn't USA annexed Puerto Rico yet? Now with Puerto Rico's financial problems, will it join the Union?
What steps has the government taken towards NPA?
What's your view on the recent scrapping of 50% of the reservation for PG seats of Tamil Nadu government service doctors?
What would be needed in a nation for communism to be successful?
Can a government officer/employee sign an official document on Sundays or government holidays? If he or she does so, is it considered valid or not?
When a high security government employee is asked to leave, retire, or is fired does the clearance they have get removed right away?
Is the government scamming us with their formal education?
How is a government made?
What chance does the Green Party have of forming the next government of New Zealand?
How is Pakistan now practicing democracy instead of military rule?
Why won't the Indian government revoke all the privileges given to the Kashmiri separatists?
Why isn’t Modi or our government taking any steps against landlords who take money from tenants and never pay tax?
Why do dictatorships have mock elections, why don't they embrace who they are?
What are some positive aspects of democracy which might only be perceived via experience rather than by anecdote?
Why are (government and non) "intelligence" agencies called so?
What does the local government do for schools?
Where can I learn what corporations are running Hollywood and the mainstream media outlets, and who the individuals running those corporations are?
What role could AI play in governance?
What type of government does Bhutan have?
We need a Tamil FM station in Bangalore. If the local government does not agree, can the Tamil Nadu government start one in Hosur?
What is the implication of low budget absorption rates by governments?
Why does our government give extra money to MLAs and MPs for their mobile bills, when they can get unlimited calls and internet access for only Rs 400?
Who exactly decided the Brits couldn't have guns, the people or the Parliament?
What is the impact of government spending in the classical model?
What are the benefits of Modi's govt.?
What is the gratuity amount issued by Telangana government if the government employees retiring on superannuation?
What is the rural India Cluster of Government all about?
How many promises were fulfilled by the BJP government?
How would the military respond if the US government was infiltrated?
What role will China play in Pakistan's upcoming General Election 2018​? Will the new government formation be directly/indirectly influenced by China?
Can NASA make decisions independently from the U.S. government, or does the government mostly control what they do?
How will you solve the Chinese environmental crisis by government prospective?
What are some examples of totalitarian forms of government?
What are the three levels of the government in a country?
How good is Bocconi's program in international politics and government?
Is there really someone who controls the world's governments?
What are the government jobs that seek only applicants who have graduated?
What is a “zero governance role” in arbitration?
Why does Theresa May think her fraudulent, uncaring, U-turning government is strong and stable?
If the Modi government discontinues reservation in government jobs, what will be your reaction on it?
Would clawing back all the funds stolen through government corruption end Brazil's recession?
How can the minority be protected in a democracy?
Which section of the constitutional directs the government to make that policies help to reduce poverty of masses?
Does a person working in the government sector live more happily than a person working in the private sector?
What will happen if the Indian central government increases the money for development​ to the North East while decreasing the amount given to the J & K?
Do parliamentary systems tend to lead to party rule rather than legislative governance?
What are some examples of American government corruption that has damaged the world?
How would you have implemented the Ude Desh ka Aam Nagrik (UDAN) scheme?
How did the Indian government combat the ULFA in Assam?
How can the mindset of Indian citizens including government administrators be changed regarding all types of pollution and cleanliness?
What is the law to govern tribal areas in the Indian Constitution?
What techniques do governments use if they have to block some sites in the country?
What are the views of BJP supportors and others about the failure of the Modi government in creating employment?
What is the major difference between republic and democracy?
Why is the British government "xenophobic”?
Are people correct to criticize Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau for taking selfies instead of governing and making thing happen for Canadians?
How authoritarian is the Chinese government?
If the government shuts down because the Democrats won't approve an unrealistic Trump budget, how can they avoid blame?
How is power distributed in a presidential democracy?
Is there any part to synthetic biology that would be illegal to do at this time?
What would it have been like if the Europeans had followed the First Nations’ way of government?
Where did the story of Indigenous Australians getting free cars from the government come from?
Our country, India, is both democratic and a republic. What is the difference between democratic and a republic?
Why is democracy much more preferred as compared to other forms of government?
Why does the government not ban sites such as Filmywap since piracy is a crime?
When will the EPFO passbook website start working?
Why are the Chinese so successful despite being deprived of government assistance from the Malaysian government?
What's your take on government hoarding of vulnerabilities? Are you for or against it? Why?
How was the government formed?
Is an order issued by a ministry considered as the central government's order?
Is there any change in the working of diplomats with the change of government in their respective country?
What are main differences between UPA government and NDA government in developments?
Should the government stop providing universal basic retirement pension?
Are the Amma canteens in Tamil Nadu and the proposed Annapurna canteens in UP, a sign of good governance?
What is the government doing to ensure economic equality?
How can a government strategically change the mentality of its people in the hopes of sustainable development without being socialist?
What should be done, but can’t realistically be done, by politics and governments?
Why is democracy popular?
What is the government securities market?
Will GST have an effect on upcoming job vacancies in the government and private sectors?
Where should I start when learning about the United States government?
What evidence do we have pro or con that tax cuts for the wealthy reduces government debt?
How can we achieve democracy in the Indian family system? Why is democracy not considered a way of thought process but merely a way of governance?
What constraints do you envisage being employed against you by government?
What are some benefits of 'government and society' to help bring up a child?
Why are state government jobs not good in India?
How much is the profit in a dairy business with 5 cows and 5 buffaloes, what are the government schemes and how can one benefit from such schemes?
Why doesn't the government produce drugs like meth or MDMA in laboratories with packaging and the amount indicated for more safety?
Should we consider North Korea a criminal organization instead of a government?
How does a government regain the trust of its citizens?
What are the upcoming areas supported by the government to promote export?
What is a blue ribbon commission?
Which government is the most into debt?
What should I do as I am a retired government officer?
Who should pay for the services such as libraries that are available to the people in a community? Should it be the government or the locals?
Which was the first country to form a democratic government?
Why do Indian government jobs require police verification, while politicians who rule the government don’t have to go through this process?
The Maharashtra government has not spent 42% of budgetary provisions, so what's the use of budgets and provisions?
Do you think that government should provide cyber security knowledge to general public?
What is community government? Is there a parallel model in India? If yes, what is the difference?
Why did the central government turn a blind eye towards protesting Tamilnadu farmers in Newdelhi?
Should the average person have a right to mass media broadcasting airwaves like corporations and government do?
Why are the Quebec & Canadian governments investing in academic A.I. research only, when most of the innovation came from the private sector?
Has the US government ever interfered with the elections in a foreign country?
If you could release any classified document in the US government, which one would it be and why?
As per Islam, can I not keep a beard if I like but not permanently?
What books or resources do you recommend for a broad overview of government theory (democracies/totalitarian, etc?)
Why didn’t the central government make Labour Day a holiday?
What do liberals think is the ideal government spending as a percent of GDP?
How much money will the Indian government give to families of soldiers killed?
Can the central government take any action against Imam Barkati when there is Mamta Banerjee in West Bengal?
Is there not much difference between the fees of government and private colleges for doing LLB in law?
How does it feel to steal from your government?
Can I improve a road on my own in India without government intervention?
If we had a nonviolent revolution to starve and abolish the federal government, what side would the majority of police and military take?
Is democracy actually a solution for a country to flourish?
Is Sharia compatible with secular forms of government, human rights, freedom of thought, and women's rights?
It’s been 9 years since Jaipur has witnessed a bomb blast. Why hasn’t the government taken any decision on this?
Is there some real basis under the "Yes, Minister" series? How did the author predict government supervision? Where there real precedents?
Why would tech companies provide backdoors for the government? Are they legally obliged to do so, or do they benefit from the cooperation?
If you could swap places with the President/Prime Minister/etc. of any country during any time period, who would it be, why, and what would you do?
Is there any government website which shows all of the statistical information in India, one like Indiastat (which is a private website)?
Do government agents sometimes feed false classified information as a control so that it would be possible to trace it back should it leak?
Can I service as an aircraft maintenance engineer under the government in India?
What is the unbiased review of 3 years of Modi Government?
Can we remove the monetary system? And is our government hiding our true ancient past history?
What will happen if the Indian Government asks all American businesses to shut their operations in India, under certain geopolitical circumstances?
Hobbes, Locke, and Rousseau, who had the most accurate theory of government, according to biblical scripture?
Why doesn't the government use spy satellites to trace the Maoists (Naxalites) and then attack them?
How can a government take a private property?
What are the steps being taken in India (by both the government and NGOs) to address the problem of population explosion?
Why do people argue that a government's internal debt is less burdensome than it external debt?
Is the Kashmir issue overexploited to gain political power and favour from the central government?
Which government is better congress or BJP?
How rich is the Chinese government and is it held financially accountable?
Do you have any information about e-governance?
In what cases does the government take half of your income?
What is the best Administrative system to govern a nation?
Are all heads of state/government in the developed countries part of the One Percent?
How much should an IT company pay to its employees, according to government rules and guidelines?
Who does the manual (or low skilled) jobs in developed countries like the US where most people are educated?
What are the proper functions of governments?
Why can't we impose President's rule in Jammu and Kashmir?
Has public participation in government been quantified?
Does the government have a responsibility to hide dangerous information from the public?
Is the Modi government up to the mark for the India as a whole?
What is it like to live through the transition of your country from a democracy to a dictatorship?
Is democracy a door wide open to autocracy and despotism?
Who supports democracy as it is today and why?
What are the schemes brought by the Siddharamaiaah government?
As a Pakistani, what is the biggest lie that the Pakistani government has been telling the Pakistani people?
Have the police ever caused harm to the government of a country in the past?
Under which ideals can a constitutional republic be created?
What would Australia look like if it became a republic, like, the parliamentary system (obviously it wouldn't be called parliament)?
Should representatives have to answer to people that are not in their district but that their decisions effect?
Why does the government make it difficult to receive benefits like food assistance and health care after a job loss?
Should the Philippines move to a federalist form of government and why?
How will Turkey's transition to dictatorship affect Western politics?
What was the worst government in history?
If India changed from the parliamentary form of government to a presidential form of government, then how would it be and who would be the president and ministers?
Should the government remove reservations for class A and B government officers' wards?
What was the Vichy government in France in WW2? Why did it exist?
What contributed to the development of Athenian democracy?
Why did the Government of India Act 1935 make elections compulsory, if the British were ruling India?
Are individuals, institutions or governments who knowingly justify murderers for self interests guilty of collaborating in capital crimes?
Why does the Indian government behave like an individual?
Instead of denying those who create hostage situations, why doesn't the government utilize intelligence, such as the FBI, to arrest the assailants?
Which government job provides car facility to employees in India?
How does an autocratic and a democratic government differ?
Is WEBEL a government organization?
Why does our government cover up UFOs? And if there are intelligent beings outside of our world, where does the Bible stand on if they were here first?
Why does the federal government have anything to do with school lunches? ﻿
What are the salient features of democracy?
Why can’t governments monitor the movement of people across several countries?
Why is it racist to require all voters to verify their identities with a government-issued identification card?
Would USA function as a parliamentary republic and would the American population be in favour of such changes?
What would be the effect of splitting a legislative branch into 7 separate legislatures dealing with specific types of legislation?
Should abortion be funded by the government?
Does the US government and private organisations hope wars continue so there is a demand for their weapons?
What is the Indian government actually doing?
What steps should the central government, state government & we as citizens of India should take for the cause of Kashmir unrest?
In Kashmir, our army gets helpless. Why isn’t the government responding and taking any strict actions against them?
If Iran's government were to become secular and democratic, how much would it improve its relations with Israel? How much would Israel benefit from that?
What is sovereignty with special reference to democratic government?
What steps can Pakistan's government take to increase its market share in global BPO?
Can we publish the local news? Will the government and other institutions take that seriously?
How are levels of government organised in Indonesia? Who controls what?
What do you mean by dual government from 1765 to 1772 in Bengal?
Is ICE becoming a federal police?
How corrupt and insincere are the people of your country?(This is a survey question to get more insights about your country.)
What should the Democratic Party do to best achieve its goals under this current government?
What is France’s type of government?
If a government prints too many notes or allows excessive borrowing, then why does money loses its value and inflation occurs?
Why do the Naxalites want to overthrow the Indian government?
When citizens decide not to follow a rule made by an official, is this actually freedom of choice?
Are the illicit liquor mafias behind the DMK’s and the PMK’s opposition to the state-controlled liquor shops in Tamil Nadu? A status report on the other states would be welcome.
What do Muslims want from the Indian government?
How can corrupt governments cause unemployment?
Why hasn’t the Indian government stopped reservation?
How do governments determine undocumented people's place of origin?
What is a new business that has government subsidies?
Why can't the Indian Punjab government legalise homosexuality at a state level, as Sikhism has nothing against it?
What happens if no parties can agree on a governing coalition in Germany?
Is it legal to ask money for parking at government stadiums?
What metrics are used to determine if a government is allocating capital effectively?
What are the real duties and powers of an MLA (Member of Legislative Assembly) in India?
What is a government's fundamental plan of operation?
Who is wealthier, the president of a company or a member serving under any branch of the state government?
Who are some of the notable cultural critics of Indian democracy?
Why can't the government of India create separate states of Jammu and Ladakh and remove 370 for these regions? Anyway, these regions are not Kashmir, are they?
How do corrupt officials get punished?
Which is the government authority in Indonesia which develop and regulate the construction industry?
What laws in Israel establish/define the relationship between government and religion?
What is the government doing for its people in Rishikesh Uttrakhand?
Is India ready for a libertarian government? Is it ready to leave banking, businesses, agriculture and every service to private except for the Army and police force?
What are the steps taken by the U.S. to overcome HIV?
What if India and the J&K government make stone-pelting illegal?
Can ICJ rule out a country's Supreme Court?
Can democracy stand in a nation state that has a decaying middle class?
What are the mechanisms and factors that affect corporate governance?
What are the pathetic construction projects that were undertaken by a state government in India?
Does a private sector employee don't have time for his family?
Can relatives of government employees trade?
Should the government abolish the lottery?
Does a central government department require a CST registration?
Is Trump moving the USA towards becoming an authoritarian state?
What world view or system of government did the Enlightenment challenge or support?
If I openly speak against Muslims in Singapore, am I in legal trouble with the government?
Why is a big government good?
Do authoritarian regimes such as Russia or China tend to have more experienced and wise foreign secretaries than democracies such as America?
Do you believe that government intervention in prices is important to protect American businesses?
Why is Indian government not taking any action against Pakistani troops who mutilated our soldiers multiple times? Don't you think it's high time?
Will I get money from the government if I give free water to people in the road in the summer?
What should I do as I haven't received any replies to my two RTIs regarding the salary of my husband working in a government department?
Would replacing the US federal government with androids solve our problems?
Should I be a lawyer or a government staff?
Is the government interested in increasing employment for the public?
Why is our government not selling off the loss-making carrier Air India and opting for privatisation instead?
Does US have an elected government and a superior hidden government?
Why is the Indian government not improving infrastructure?
If cattle smuggling is a big issue in our country, why doesn't our government seal the Indo-Bangladesh border?
Will Central Government employees submit their original certificates to the government?
Why are people against government money (vouchers) paying for religious K-12 educations?
Why don't we have a central Earth government and share resources with other nations?
When (if ever) will Greece exit the economic crisis? What realistic and doable actions have to be done?
Why doesn’t our government create a better religion that’s more suitable to all?
What did Curtis Munson mean by, "People of the Bridges Type"?
What is the role of government in the business sector?
What are the common elements of e-government, e-governance and e-democracy?
What are the benefits of the Modi government?
Should people be held accountable for their government’s actions?
What are the projects or initiatives taken by the Indian government to protect the mother Ganges?
Why does Matthew Bates support less power at the federal level and more at the state level?
In which form does the Indian government store its revenue?
Is the National Housing Development Organisation under government control?
Are referendums bad for democracy?
Can you simplify the GST for me? Why did it take so long for the successive governments to get it implemented if it was such a game changer?
Why did Communism fail in almost every country where it was adopted? What is it about Communism that makes way for dictatorships?
Is the post of a Group C employee in Central Government transferable or non-transferable?
Can a state government employee in India be arrested?
Are non-partisan elections good for democracy?
Why is our government not making the Army training compulsory for everyone, knowing it would be very useful in the future?
Why was it important for the government to sell war bonds?
Why does the Chinese government take advantage of their own citizens to whip up the hatred of another nation (South Korea) for their own political interests?
Would it help children's teeth if the government made sweets available for sale in bulk minimums of 20 packs at a time?
Why does Modi’s government amend the FCRA bill?
Would the US government reduce deaths from darknet fentanyl if it took down torproject.org?
How do I access government data API's?
What is the relationship between the press and democracy?
What influence does the government have on SMEs?
Can any of our French Quorans please translate this image of the different governmental structures for me?
Why did India choose a democratic form of government? Who decided this?
What are financial and economical data available for free from the US government?
What if there were no more government secrets?
What types of government are an oligarchy, autocracy, and democracy?
What are the important schemes launched by central government of India?
What is democracy like in the modern world?
Do government classifications (for confidential information) or warrants (issued by a regular judge for unrelated reasons) hold more weight?
Isn't there an end to minority appeasement? Why isn't the government taking action against the Owaisi brothers, Barkhati, and the ISIS network in India?
Is the graph of BJP/central government has raised after demonetization?
If we were to start a petition for an amendment about reservation for better compatibility with contemporary society, then would the government take action on it?
What would a US government shutdown look like?
Does Senator Diane Feinstein believe the government has the right to take the lives of people?
How important is the development of Athenian democracy?
Is there any policy which abolishes reservation in government jobs?
If you say that Modi’s government is doing its work properly, then why isn’t it completing its promise to the young voters?
Should the US government invest less in its military?
Is there any change in the working of diplomats by the changing of the central government in their country?
What would the ramifications be if a fourth branch of government whose job was to investigate the other three was created?
How much of the UK government’s income is dedicated to London?
Is democracy dead?
How can I meet the transport minister of Center/Haryana or Delhi?
What is the reservation in government recruitment for women and in general?
What do you think of governments imposing smoking in private homes?
What are the four objectives of corporate governance?
If there was a nation of Quorans, what government would it have?
Do private enterprises exist in command economies? If yes, does the government decide what goods and services these private firms will produce?
What are some easily available government facilities/ rights/ app/ for the developing India that people never knew exist?
Do you trust the government or business?
If the government announces reservation to Thakurs of Saharanpur in exchange for an oath to move into the 21st century, would they get some foresight?
Why is the American government against Pakistan?
Because of populism on the rise, do you believe democracy is at risk?
How can we form a strong new government in Tamil Nadu?
Will Hillary and Obama Viet Congs be prosecuted for trying to overthrow the government?
Is SRMS private or government?
Is it in Paul Ryan's best interest to fail to pass a bill funding the government so that it shuts down on Trump's 100th day in office?
Can a central government employee in India legally build apps as a hobby?
Can you explain to me how the Cuban government works?
What is the most powerful, the legislative, executive, or judicial branch of the US government?
Does the laying off of jobs in India occur due to poor governance?
What does the local government do to support the community?
How do people who work for corrupted governments steal money? Is it so easy?
What steps are the Indian Government taking to foster investments in the Indian food processing sector?
We have seen the rise of right-wing parties to form a government in many countries globally. How will it shape our future global scenario?
Do politicians really care if the government shutdown happens since they will still be getting paid with our tax dollars?
How does nebulous, exploitative government legislation get repealed?
What is the basic characteristic of a unitary government?
Can I survive without a government job?
How do the different types of government around the world differ?
Is the U.S. basically a social democracy already?
A government official is asking us for a bribe, how do I deal with him?
What are the countries with dictatorships disguised as democracies?
What are the government policies for the people who want to start a business in India?
How can the government raise money without taxes?
Why does the US government refuse to keep its citizens in line as well as the Russian government does its own?
What is the legislative branch of government?
If the intention of Modi's government is to curb black money, why doesn’t the government want to target rich people? The name list is countable.
What are the most impactful ways I can influence sustainability measures from my local commerce, and my municipal, provincial/state, federal government?
Why isn’t the Indian government taking some strict action on rapists?
Why is nobody in government even trying to reverse academic inflation?
Should I apply for a government job or should I look for a private job?
What does the government do when an insanely large group of people of the same religion demand people of other religions to leave their country?
Which are the best student-involved government programs around the world?
Why doesn’t the government ban the production of cigarettes when it is injurious to health?
If you have accepted the idea that some degree of a government-funded safety net is inevitable, is there some version that will do less damage?
Does the government wait for any incident to happen as all the laws or rules are passed only after an incident takes place?
How much does the government know about every citizen?
If the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea is constitutionally a democracy by name, why do other democracies tend to seek war against the state?
Can a business which is an LED manufacturer come under the government scheme?
What government policies and decisions brought about the conflict in Korea, and what impact did it have on American society?
What will it take to unify the governments of the world?
Where can I find help to apply for a government grant (US) or an interest-free loan?
What are the characteristics of government overseas contracting job?
Why is it that in America the answer to the government’s mistakes is not to reform the government but to get rid of the government?
Could someone get in legal trouble if they bred a plant that has the same effects as an illegal drug?
Will the Syrian government collapse?
What is stopping the government from arresting or completely neutralizing all the Maoist groups in India?
Can the government prevent the usage of or control cryptocurrency?
What are the challeges of achieving world government?
Can civic engagement enhance the quality of government?
Why was San Marino the first country to have a democratically elected Communist government in 1945?
How is the government helping SMBs in India?
What is "acquisition action" in terms of being a program manager in the government?
PV Sindhu was given a Group 1 service by the state government. The job requires knowledge about various subjects. Is it justifiable to give her such service?
Which welfare schemes are started by Modi’s government?
Does censorship in democracy mean that the people are not mature enough to practice a democracy?
What is the Canadian government planning/doing for the First Nations communities?
Which are the government schemes available for newborns' education?
Why isn’t Andhra Pradesh’s government taking any action against Sakshi TV or the newspaper?
Can a central government employee publish a book and sell it?
What is meant by "loss of regulatory fidelity" in the context of government?
Is a democratic republic the best form of government?
Who are some of the best speech writers in government today?
What is the different between a governor and a lieutenant governor in India?
What would the American government have to do for the military to actually enact a coup to restore the constitution?
Who owns "Ofcom" and is it free from the government influences?
Do you have a reaction to the book, Raven Rock: The Story of the US Government's Secret Plan to Save Itself?
Why don’t people revise government policies when they know that they are wrong?
What are the aspects of totalitarianism?
Is it possible that zombies already exist and that the government just doesn’t want to let us know?
What are the duties of the 3 branches of government?
In what ways do governments earn money other than taxes?
Is the government confused about economic policies and the promises they are making?
Do you think the American government should spend more time investigating 3/11?
Why do some people think that the AAP government has not been doing anything?
If a govt. employee is removed from service, what can he do next?
Why doesn’t the government try to update the law according to the present time?
Some believe the US administration's major policies resemble those of the Third Reich. What do you think best represents the two governments?
Why do the security guards carry suppressed assault rifles outside of the government buildings?
Is it legal or illegal to move plants from one state to another?
Has the present N.D.A. government not been focusing on government jobs in spite of outsourcing?
How are conflicts between the legislature and executive bound to occur in the presidential system of government prevalent in the USA?
Why has Narendra Modi’s government not yet repealed the Right to Education Law?
What would happen if Kim Jong-un committed suicide?
Why is it important for the government to consider unemployment?
Why does America dislike the Scandinavian-style social democracy so vehemently?
Why is the current NDA government criticised and supporters get aggressive and defend the government by comparing it with previous governments?
Why did the UPA government hired a Pakistani lawyer in ICJ?
If a winged human or angel were spotted today, how would the public and government react?
What were the reasons why the government put 12% GST on sanitary wear, despite its high need yet low penetration​?
Is a watchdog entity that exposes the abuses of power, corruption, fraud, government waste, etc. on a global scale any less valuable than Deep Throat?
If you believe your government and fellow citizens would indiscriminately take thousands of innocent lives on 9/11, why do you still live in the U.S.?
Why do the same people oppose the government regulation of subsidized school lunches, but favor the regulation of food stamp purchasing eligibility?
What are some possible pit falls of accepting investment from government and private?
What is better: do private practice as an architect or be a government employee through SSC or UPSC?
What would be the most effective way to ignite a revolution against the American government?
Is healthcare an entitlement?
What steps have been taken by the government to fill the gap between the demands of industry and the education system?
Which IHM (government only) colleges are the best?
Why do people in rural America hate the Federal Government when they receive billions of dollars in federal aid and subsidies?
What is corporate governance? How does it help the economy?
What do you mean by democracy? How is it implemented?
In the British parliamentary system of government, what happens if there is a tie in votes between 2 parties in a general election?
Will this pork-barrel app accurately describe how the federal government spends tax money?
Are Iranians ironically western friendly and want non theocratic government?
If we had a more deliberative democracy would populism remain?
Why hasn't the US, who is supposed to be the standard bearer of democracy, changed to an election system that is more democratic?
What is the meaning of democracy when you have a treaty with a dictator, and you implement it for the general people?
Why is the present NDA government clueless and irresponsible at handling the Kashmir and Naxalite issue?
If all people were united under one government/country, what would it be named?
Do American people fear their government?
Are there any government or private institutions in India for share trading courses?
What do you consider to be the most reasonable political ideal, philosophy, or basis for a government?
What is a nodal government agency?
Is there a URL or a government site where I can directly integrate my application for Aadhaar validation with related information?
What is the one world government that is going to be formed under the European union about?
Is Togo a democracy?
Why is Pakistan not a democracy even though it has elections?
What are the major changes that might be made in the government's policy if the opposition were to win the 14th Malaysian general election?
Where did US Representative Al Green find the people to fake the threatening tapes?
How is the salary paid to the government employees, and who controls the salary payment to employees?
What is your view on Indian government providing free treatment for AIDS patients, not for other disorders?
Will the U.K. government be strong and stable after the election?
How can a common man push to dissolve the Tamil Nadu government?
Will the government pay you for killing a terrorist?
Are federal agency heads and cabinet secretaries bureaucrats?
Who is responsible for the violence in Kashmir, and why is the government not taking any steps?
Why can't government impose AFSPA in Naxal prone area?
What is the job profile of an MPDO officer in the state (Telangana) governments?
Why is the government planning to change the financial year from April to January?
Why doesn’t the US government ban the hiring of freelancers in other countries, to protect American jobs?
What percentage of the revenue deficit of dry states due to prohibition is met by the Central Government?
Land Laws comes under Central Govt or State Govt in India?
Why should we pay taxes to governments? Don't you think this money is wasted on politicians’ privilege and corruption?
What is the best way for international organisations to support good governance in East Africa?
Why do we focus so much on government budgets rather than government cost efficiency and productivity?
Would it be against the code of conduct of the election commission to change the government before the second phase of the local election in Nepal?
What is the role of government in the circular flow of income?
Will private citizens have the same access to justice technology as government forces in the future?
What empowers the government?
What is your best advice to poor nations? What do you think their governments and people should be focusing on the most?
Would a government kill its own people to score political points in an electoral race?
Ken Buck's book, Drain the Swamp, graphically details our governments corruption. Is there a chance for a reformation?
Which government is more authoritarian, Turkey or Russia?
How can people and government resolve the water crisis in "Bundelkhand"?
Have you ever had any idea of a governmental system which is flawless?
How are constitutional changes made in the federal system?
How do I get the personal ID number of a government employee?
Why are non-government organisations positive things? Towards the world and ourselves.
Is a real democratic world government viable?
Can a marriage certificate with a photo issued by the state government be used as ID proof on domestic airlines?
Why doesn't the Indian government help Sikhs in European countries where they are being discriminated against on religious grounds by their governments?
If the government is serious about weeding out corruption in India, why don't they install CCTV cameras with mics in all of the government offices?
What will happen if all the wealth of Indian temples is declared as government property?
How can I juxtapose the difference between government and governance?
What do you understand about equality & democracy being dynamic and not static concepts?
Can China be said to be a democracy?
Should the government intervene in the Brazilian economy?
What is the meaning of radical democracy?
If you could create your own island nation what would it be like?
With center-right governments being elected worldwide, what changes do you forsee for people around the world?
What do you think of the Modi government after 3 years in power?
Why do we need the government? Why can't we create an app that lets the public vote on the laws they want?
How is the government influenced?
How is the government responsible if someone loses their job at a private company?
What is the most complicated title ever held by a nobleman?
Why do you obey the United States government?
Can a government bank employee, or any government employee in India, get suspended for low performance?
Should large sanctuary cities stop paying the federal government?
What is a democratic republic government?
Why are European economies, governments and people struggling so much with the digital revolution?
What are the steps taken by the government to clean the Ganga?
What makes California one of the worst governed states?
What have the Modi government's biggest hits and misses been?
What steps have the government taken with regard to the leaking of Aadhaar card details?
Whenever tax cuts are proposed, why do Democrats make it look the 'the rich' are the only group that would benefit?
Why do you think democracy is more important than any other political value?
Why isn’t the BJP government of Assam not as proactive as the other BJP governments?
How effective will be a tie between Coursera and the government of India?
Why does a mix of public and private funding support democracy and economic stability?
Why is the Indian Government doing nothing to popularize Tamil worldwide?
Would space exploration benefit if the government got out of the way and left it to the private industry?
Would a governor be addressed orally as "Mr./Madam Governor" or "Governor"?
Which government body should I call if I got fake/duplicate whiskey?
After how much time do we get government quarters?
Is it fortunate to be born in a democratic country?
Can IAS officers implement new schemes without the consent of the government?
Why is communism dying?
From a native perspective, is there anything substantially different between the U.S. and Canadian governments’ relations with reservations?
Is the government of France different from the political system in the UK?
Why should the world help in changing an Shiite government with another Sunni one with the same opposite ideology?
We have the potential to be excellent as a nation of people what will it take to bring us to the point of self governing ourselves and our future?
If you had to compare Indian Government with Hogwarts, which role would you assign to whom?
Why are Nigerians regarded as the most corrupt nation in the world?
How did war bonds benefit the government?
What is an anocracy?
How was the present government of Nepal 2074 formed?
What are the main characteristics of a repressive government?
How much money do state and central governments get on taxes from tobacco? Like central excise and VAT?
Do you believe that individuals that carry negative RH factors, more specifically, O-, are being tracked by government agencies?
What would the end stage of governmental corruption look like in a democratic nation?
Considering two people with the same capabilities, one in the private sector and the other in government sector, who struggles to earn money more?
What are the changes today's government has brought in our country?
Which part of the government stores, controls, and distributes the country's wealth?
What are the disadvantages of a government franchise?
Do you think reservations are necessary everywhere in the government sector?
Can I use earphones in central government offices while working the night shift?
Should American children be taught about communism and democracy, and be allowed the free will to choose for themselves?
Group B Gazetted is equivalent to which class of officer in central government?
What do people think about NITI Aayog’s suggestion of outsourcing government services and bringing in private sector talent?
What kind of progress in the state can we expect by the end of the current ADMK government, in the next 4 years?
What are some ways you would change the government, if you could?
Will moderation ever return to the federal government?
Why is authoritarianism not democracy?
What if government revenue could only be raised via crowdsourcing means?
Is Canada's government good or bad? Is Canada respected or laughed at? Do we have a good or bad history? What things should the government change?
Why is movable immovable property so important in government sectors?
What if aliens are hiding from us?
Considering the present scenario, is democracy worth it or should there be a military rule of a monarchy?
What is preventing the Modi government from introducing the Jan Lokpall bill for a debate in Parliament?
When is the Karnataka government going to pass a bill granting 100% reservations for locals in the private sector?
Can the Sarpanch of the Gram Panchayat be superseded?
Is there an official position in a government or agency that is tasked solely to weed out corruption?
How do governments rob people?
How is the fake news phenomenon yet another malignity of the government to seize power?
Where can we get state and central government job updates?
How do parliamentary and presidential democracy differ?
How do I demand for a country specially for SC/STs from the Indian government?
What did FDR see as necessary to protect the nation and the other keepers of democracy?
How can I convince my friend that Narendra Modi’s government is a good government?
Why is the union government not responding to the southern India drought crisis?
Why is India considered a democracy when the country is governed by religious fanatics?
What is the recruitment policy imposed by Indian government for foreign companies?
Can a PWD officer lease government rest house premises to private persons for the purpose of business?
How do small government conservatives justify government intrusion into areas such as marriage, family planning, privacy, and censorship?
Is it possible that all the countries on earth would merge into one single world coalition government?
How much is India's trade policy really decided by central government and how much is the local government's policy?
What's so different in the constitution of Pakistan which makes their army so powerful over the elected government as compared to the Indian constitution?
Do you get any help from the government to start an agricultural business if you are not a farmer from the Gujarat government?
Why would you want government oversight of journalists?
Are minorities included in deliberative democracy?
If a citizen refuses to pay taxes, should the government send the fire brigade to put out a fire even if the citizen has broken the social contract?
Do you think the Modi government is directly or indirectly favouring the Patanjali brand?
Should the US have four political parties, instead of two, represented in the state and federal government?
Why should a common man pay for the salary of a corrupt government employee?
Are there government funded incubators?
How did the anti-government protests of 2015/16 affect Ethiopian politics?
What are the best government medical colleges in Punjab?
What are some websites, newspapers, magazines where I can find information about government jobs in India?
Why does the US government not honor the charters of organizations it is a member of?
What are the norms of conduct of public officials?
What is the most powerful fictional government of any medium?
Is it better for freedom and human rights in general to switch governments more frequently?
Can a billionaire buy a government officer in India?
What are pros and cons if government ministers are given flats to live in instead of bungalows?
What is the difference between a federation and a union?
Why does the government not give any quotas for BSF ex-servicemen?
Why does western media always show the Chinese government in a negative light?
Who formed the first coalition government in an Indian state?
What should democracy be like?
Do Dadra and Nagar Haveli and Daman and Diu have territorial governments or some other form of local democratically-elected government?
Does our own lack of personal responsibility create the need to be governed?
What do you think of the idea of Wiki Government?
Even though American children learn how to hate Communism, should they still learn democracy vs communism and have free will to decide for themself?
What is the reason that vacancies in PSUs have curtailed compared to the previous few years? Is the Modi government reluctant on creating government jobs?
In your opinion, was the Canadian government’s decision to cancel the Avro Arrow a mistake?
How are military projects seeing success under the Modi govt. when compared to under the 9 years of the Congress govt.?
What would happen if an American state for whatever reason adopted a parliamentary republic system of government?
When is the central government going to bring a check with regards to the misuse of official vehicles/men?
Why does the Indian government do nothing to prevent tax evasion and money laundering in the Indian movie industry?
How many states in India have adopted e-governance?
What are the job prospects of BArch candidates in the government, except for CPWD?
What is the government's role in innovation?
What is a military dictatorship and its features?
Which form of government is followed by the UAE?
Do you agree with the democracy system?
Why doesn't the government of India use its Forex reserves to reduce the external debt and improve the Indian credit rating, thereby giving a boost to FDI?
Can a central government employee working as inspector in central excise department invest in Stock market? Upto what extent he can invest?
What are the formations of local elections?
What were the advantages and disadvantages of mass democracy?
Is there any age relaxation in the UPPCS exam for government employees?
How do the Government job vacancies allocate to all reserved and non-reserved categories?
Why not totally replace Article V using a national referendum? Is the USA really a government of, by, and for the people?
Why is the government digging mass graves?
Does the Government of India Act 1935 provide reservation for women in provincial legislature?
Why do liberals and democrats believe in big government?
What did Mikhail Gorbachev mean in this excerpt of his farewell address?
What are examples of government failure?
Can I make it illegal for myself to perform an action such as smoking a ciragette or buying meat?
Is America still safe for democracy?
Has the Modi government really done anything good?
Why is Asia absent from the history of democracy?
Is the Cricket phone service run by the government?
How much money does the UK government invest in R&D annually?
Why isn’t the union government increasing the number of posts for IAS? After all, it would help in the development of the country.
How would a Labour government in 2017 react to terrorist activity? How also would they improve community cohesion?
Which is better- a cold, rainy Swedish socialist(ish) democracy or a cold, rainy Seattle capitalist(ish) democracy?
Can we see democracy in China?
Will the Indian government privatize BSNL?
How competent is Kazakhstan’s government in terms of economic policy?
Is the level of B.Tech in both the government as well as private up to par?
What is the age relaxation for the CPF exam for Central Government employees? Must one have done the required service duration, or can he apply upon the date of joining?
What kind of secrets does the American government have?
What is the difference between state-owned and government-owned enterprises?
I just completed my postgraduate degree (Master of Social Work). How do I get a government job now?
Should Christians obey rules outside of government?
Who decides the menu when the heads of states of other country meets the prime minister or president of India?
Is India a liberal state or a successful democracy?
What does your country’s government headquarters look like?
Some people think governments should control the number of foreign-made TV programs being shown. Do you agree? Why?
Is social democracy really a form of socialism?
How can I take over the central bank of my country?
Is the government actually taking action on exposes made by Arnab?
What are the functions of the legislative branch?
Should the government be involved in fostering/helping green practice movements?
Is democracy a form of patsy scheme?
What is the best type of government rather than democracy?
Should the people’s right to know be valued above the government’s need for secrecy?
What is the rationale behind “All government spending is a tax”?
Whatever happened to the law that required preachers to submit their sermons to the government in Houston?
What is the minor economic effect on my country if I burn a money note? Is it only me who is at loss or is it the government?
When is the Karnataka government going to pass a bill granting 100% reservation for locals in the private sector?
If I became president of a very corrupt country and wanted to run it like a business, what systems could I set in place to help me deter corruption?
How should machine government be introduced?
What documents delegate powers to local governments?
How can you make a better government system than the best ones in the world today?
Will the populous today rather be under a good dictator than under a corrupted government?
What are some state PSUs or state government examinations for engineers with a BTech (ECE) in Rajasthan and UP?
Should the position of police have term limits and be rotated among the citizenry?
Which do you view as the best system, the meritocracy or the democracy? Why?
If Indian agriculture is a gamble with the monsoons, what steps is our government taking to make it safe?
What has the Modi government done for the farmers to ease the demonitization issue for them?
Can you record conversations you have with government employees in California, legally?
Can we challenge the government if a generic drug provided is of low quality?
What does Pakistan have to fear from the Indian Government and its people?
How is studying agriculture at some government college?
If the library lost a book you turned in, won't look for it when you tell them, and are threatening to get debt collectors involved, what should you do?
What are some measures taken by the government to improve the transportation system in India?
Democracy always lead to capitalism. Is this true? If yes then how?
What is the most convincing argument for Communism?
What is a government contracting officer representative?
Why doesn't the government privatize the Ashok hotel group?
What is the "worst" government policy you have ever followed/gone through? What, according to you, could be its replacement?
What has been the Indian government’s biggest failure?
What are some historical events that governments want to censor?
Why can't India, a leading software exporter, help strengthen the IT infrastructure of various government agencies to improve the roads, rails, laws and order?
What is the local level of the legislative branch?
Is it illegal to write books against the government in England?
What is the antecedent and character verification in government jobs?
How does nationalization of firms work?
How is your government helping in Libya and what are their future plans for Argentina?
Is it true that the democracy has existed in Portugal since 1825, with some interruptions?
How does Josue Diaz see Modis Government?
Who said that elections are the heart of democracy?
Are the ideas that the federal government should provide only for defense and that we have the right to govern ourselves as we see fit contradictory?
If Republicans, which have all branches of government, don't ban abortions, should they be criticized when they bring the issue up in elections?
What is the role of the government in maintaining law, order and peace?
Has there been any improvement in the irrigation system of India after the NDA government came to power in 2014?
How helpful/useful are the current Indian central/state government policies for a startup from an IT startup perspective?
What is the 14/2 act of the central government?
What are the chances of the U.S. government changing the age of adulthood from 18 to 21?
Who do you think should pay for the services that are available to the people in a community? Should it be the government or individual people?
Is the Indian government so corrupt that due to its pressure, the CBI tries to accuse whistleblowers?
What would happen if the government finds out that I'm harboring a vampire?
Which grade is given for the technical officer, as a Central Government employee?
Why doesn’t the Indian government ban coke even after it has been proven to have pesticides?
Which website displays accurate U.S. Government spending?
Does democracy work in favor of all segments of society?
Is the Chinese government really dangerous?
Explain whether new nations depend on strong governments to succeed?
Why did the government disallow live shows at JN Stadium in Shillong?
Is local government the only legitimate government?
Why do we allow ourselves to be lied to by our government?
Do our non-verbals govern how we think and feel about ourselves?
To what extent should the government interfere with the economy during a time of recession?
Why do we have to give details of our schools/colleges, etc. in the attestation form for government jobs ?
How does Federated Learning work?
Wouldn’t it be better if the government were to buy the farmers’ crops rather than paying their loans?
What is the reason the BJP government has reduced vacancies and so made much delay in various central state government job recruitments?
Should government run like a business in the era of globalisation?
What steps should be taken by the Indian government to stop the Naxalite attack?
What is the right decision to be taken by the government in the current situation of mutilation of our soldiers?
Why are Indian government employees richer than Google employees?
What is the advantage and disadvantage of a parliamentary democracy?
If I were to conspire with several people to topple the government and I was caught, what could I potentially be charged with?
Is it possible for a government to monitor and apply taxes for all activities related to Bitcoin?
How can monopolies be eliminated without government?
Are direct PhD holders eligible to become lecturers in government colleges?
Why can not the Indian government and state governments use power point presentation for budgets rather than giving a speech?
Is the Modi government right?
In spite of proliferation of public private partnerships, which has reduced government expenses, why are our tax rates rising?
When the government says "we will give the money to do it”, where is the actual physical money coming from?
Why should the government support small and medium entrepreneurs?
How is data and information available on government websites used in your professional work? Please advise.
Why is India extremely badly governed and managed?
What is the Assam government?
If governments found a way to extend human life for hundreds of years, would they keep it as a secret or would they share it with the rest of us?
How can the government combat undeclared work?
What is regime according to politics?
What kind of information could bring down a dictatorship?
Does anyone understand the meaning of the spectrum between democracy and aristocracy?
What have been the best form of government among, anarchy, monarchy, aristocracy, democracy, autocracy, fascism and communism?
How should the Singapore government be more transparent?
Can Indonesia still be considered a liberal democracy?
What is regulatory governance?
Does the Pakistani government have any control over F.A.T.A?
How much infrastructure investment did the Australian government commit in the decade after the Howard government, and what were they spent on?
Do we need educated citizens for democracy?
Should the government have transparency, no secrets?
What do the people of Quora think of direct democracy?
Are we going toward a world government?
What indicators can be used to prove that a specific newspaper is pro-government or anti-government in India?
What will happen if people refuse to cooperate with the government worldwide?
Assume that the government injects 100 million into the economy. What impact would you expect on GDP given that the marginal propensity to consume is 0.8? Why?
Why does the government help small businesses?
What percentages of the US government spending come from taxes and from debt?
Who has maximum power in an Indian democracy?
Is the NDA government doing well? I mean, what has it done in the last 3 years?
Does democracy breed weak and ineffectual leaders?
How true is it that the media has become more biased towards the ruling government?
What are the achievements of the Modi government in the last four years?
What would happen if the Central Government sealed the LOC tightly and left Kashmir on its own, by cutting all extra packages and removing the military?
Have you ever personally helped a very common man get his work done in a government office?
How can I remember the table of precedence of government functionaries with logic?
Are there any good cardiologists near Saket or in NCR at a private or government hospital?
Are there active branches of the world's governments that seek to cover up the existence of the paranormal and supernatural?
Are Quiverfull Christians a threat to democracy? After generations of exponential population, could they overwhelm ballots and institute theocracy?
What should you never look up on Google or else you will get in trouble with the government?
Why does the Central government have to provide SFE?
Do you want Khilafat in Pakistan?
How should a local government assess the current price of a public road which has been in use for seven years?
Why is the Kerala government forcibly imposing Malayalam on Kasaragod Kannadigas?
What should the government do to maintain peace in Indonesia?
What form of government is the speciality of India?
How is the United States viewed by other governments? And more specifically, how do they view DT?
What is the relationship between governance and democracy in India?
Had Congress never played dirty games to topple the elected government? Is Congress so honest?
What is a pardon in government?
Why is the Chinese government so rich? Where is the money from?
I'm going to make a general comparison of two countries. What aspects should I touch on (like economic state, government, and all that)?
Is today's government leading towards dictatorship?
Why did the Kenyan government recognize the Makonde as a tribe but not the Ogiek?
What is the difference between saying Israel has too much control over the American government (taboo) and saying Russia does (more acceptable)?
Which has more impact on the economy, lowering taxes or increasing government spending?
How can we draw the attention of the government towards fake begging communities who are exploiting kids for their own greed?
What is the future of Brazil's estate? Is democracy in danger?
What do you think about the new policy to allow private investment in defence of Indian Government that has been finalized?
If the world is under a one world government, can it get rid of primordialism, racism, ageism, ethnocentrism?
Are there any jobs for CSE/IT engineers in the government sector?
How many departments in the Federal government still run on COBOL software?
Why direct democracy is obsolete today?
Why do socialist governments suppress freedom of speech more than other governments?
What are the empirical effects of countries having a presidential versus parliamentary system?
If Brexiteers are so keen on democracy, why are they opposed to a referendum on whatever deal the government come up with?
Will the mulla government collapse in Iran?
What are the causes to the failure of democracy and oligarchy?
Is the USA experiencing a test period of democracy, and freedom that might mean, the end to democracy in the world because media has been taken over?
What are different types of federalism? Which of it is followed by India?
What should be in the top most priority of Government of India to fix in the current set of law or the constitution?
If if the other branches of government do not check the Executive at this juncture, will we find ourselves in a constitutional crisis?
Which is the best government CGL job or business?
Do you think a company should actively lobby the government in order to obtain competitive advantages?
Why haven't more governments decriminalised cannabis?
Why are governmental jobs far better than private company jobs?
What is the Theresa May government's rationale for legalising the ivory trade once again in England?
Did the British government have a similar human rights rhetoric at the height of its power in the late 1870s?
Is barterism better than the exchange of government made currency?
In light of the present American political scene, how is democracy 'the government of the people, by the people and for the people'?
Why is the government still silent regarding the Kashmir issue?
Are there any keywords or search phrases that, if typed into Google, could result in being monitored by the government, NSA, or police?
Is it usual practice in other countries for government employees to not get paid a salary for three months or is it just in mine?
Is the 80-IBA government scheme a part of PMAY?
Why did Federalists want a strong federal government?
If the government makes a rule that there are no taxes in India. Will the CA's have work?
What is the difference between a board and an authority created under a department of the government?
What has the Modi government done to improve education in India?
What does “federal state” mean in politics?
Should a government force women to have an abortion if the country is going through severe droughts and famine and can't afford to care and feed it?
Can a US court hold a state government in contempt?
Is the UDAN scheme a waste of tax payers money?
Is democracy really good? What kind of other systems can we implement?
How can Pakistan claim to be a democratic country while the military governs the country from the background?
What did you do that made government officials visit you?
Why has Punjab declined to implement the eNAM scheme in agricultural marketing?
If the government found out the meaning of life, would they tell us?
Does the Chinese government really have better long-term visions than other governments elsewhere in Asia?
In which branch of engineering could I get more government jobs?
What's stopping the government from reducing immigration?
If you were tricked into signing a petition for a city referendum, how do you make sure your signature is not counted?
What would be the pros and cons of having the Federal Government – rather than state and county governments – manage elections?
If by drinking alcohol everyone's life is ruined, then why doesn’t the government ban it?
What is the Bangladeshi government doing to protect the beauty of Sundarbans?
What are implications if the government fails to meet its financial needs?
Why does the Russian government seem to want to destabilize global politics?
What clauses in the US Constitution gives the government the power to "protect jobs"?
How did American and Soviet democracy differ?
Which is better after engineering, a master’s or a Central Government job?
Why is it okay for the government to make wearing seat belts while driving compulsory but ban soft drinks from school?
How does a mix of public and private funding support democracy and economic stability in a political campaign?
Why doesn't the Modi government take action against the Naxal attacks?
What, in your opinion, should be the steps taken by the Indian government to encourage more foreign investment?
What are the incentives provided by the government to the farmers?
The formation of the BJP government in Assam was seen as a game change -has anything changed on the ground?
Why are girls advised to work in the government sector over the private one?
Why are the government and the big companies trying to destroy Uber?
What major countries of the world still don't hold democratic elections?
Did you ever think that our government is causing our depression?
How does the state government (from the opposition party) generate money?
Do the military fight for our country or fight for the government (and are brainwashed by the government to believe they are fighting for our country)?
Did any central government employee get his 7th pay commission arrears?
Why doesn’t the government have a strict policy on Bitcoin? Why hasn’t the government banned this currency in India?
How can Britain have a democracy despite the fact that it doesn't have a constitution?
What are the different types of government in Ireland?
A new report suggests an online cannabis network that’s controlled by the government to reduce crime and to decriminalise cannabis. Would you support such a proposal?
How does the government of Canada work?
Do I need approval from local authorities or the government to plant trees around my building?
What is a brief explanation of a federal state?
What is the life of a banker like, post demonetization move by the government?
Why is it that US government agencies only release information only after a specified time period?
Should the government provide free birth control?
Who will get the government in the coming five years (PTI or PML-N)?
Which countries currently have nationalist heads of state and/or governments?
What percent of existing bureaucratic government jobs could be automated or removed entirely?
What is it like running a country?
Why is the Senate considering calling Comey to testify about his memos when he was fired for lying to the Senate under oath?
Could you mention some polls showing that the US government does reforms against the majority’s will?
How many employees does the US federal government have?
Should there be a cap on indirect costs for government research grants?
Do you support the government ban on websites and YouTube showing movies for free?
Are the BA coaching centers private or government run?
Does any other country other than US have an equivalent role of the designated survivor?
Why don't more people support world government?
Why are Americans so proud of their country when they don't even get help when they need it?
If the same ICJ were to give a ruling against India regarding removing the restrictions on consuming beef, would our government honour it?
What are some of the factors that foreign governments could use to make law enforcement and governance of India much more efficient & effective?
If democracy is considered essential, why are people who stand for election so vilified?
Can I clear the medical test for a government banking job if I have a disk prolapsed problem?
Does democracy still work if the ignorant people are the majority?
What is non-territorial federalism?
Which education sector is better, private or government?
Why are AP, Telangana and northis come to Karnataka to write any central govt exams?
Will we ever have one global government?
If Australia becomes a republic, will it have a US style democracy, or another form of government?
What should the Nigerian state and federal governments do for Nigeria to truly become an economic superpower in Africa and in the world?
What is the actual problem of India: democracy, politicians, or us?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of the parliamentary system of government in India?
What is your opinion on UP government launching cow ambulances?
Is 'NOC' required for fresh application of passport for government employees?
What is the government like in China?
Should Americans be allowed to form healthcare co-ops locally with government assistance?
Do you think "think about the children" is the excuse used most often by the government?
Why doesn't the Maharashtra government regularly make provision in Mumbai for parking lots? Why is everyone struggling? Is the government incapable of thinking?
Why is RBI considered to be performing merchant banking functions to the state and central government?
Can a governor call the 2nd largest party to form a government?
What are the various schemes of the Madhya Pradesh government and the central government to financially help those willing to do business?
Why isn’t the Indian government accepting the help of Israel to tackle the problem of Naxalism?
With all the government corruption, why don’t the patriots & militias stand up and restore our Republic and enforce our Constitution?
What are the typical results of government-imposed price controls on markets?
If the US interior shrinks millions of acres of public lands, will anyone be able to buy up a scenic acreage from the U.S. government?
Why is there always chaos in Kashmir when a BJP government is in power?
How can anyone argue that the EU is more or at least as democratic as most EU national governments?
Who do people in Crimea pay taxes to, the Ukrainian government or the Russian government?
When dealing with immigration, what kind of role should government take?
Is democracy good for developing countries?
What are the social implications of a country running out of water?
What is the role of a government entrepreneur?
What is the government's role in preventing hereditary syndromes?
How might a basic income be more or less effective than other forms of government aid?
Should the Modi government support the policy of Reservation in Promotion?
If someone found a way to cure all negative health conditions, (including old age,) would the government or other organizations try to suppress it?
What is the logical connection between the 'one-party government' concept and communism?
How much money can a government print in a year?
From the total employment of India, the employment in the government sector is only 2%. Why, then, do people target reservation in the government sector?
If you are being harassed by an Indian government department (Tehsil) because of a clerical error, how can you stop this corruption and get the problem sorted out?
What is the actual position/policy of Germany's government about refugees?
How can one do business in a country where there is no government? Or rather where the government is confused?
How credible are the NTIS (National Technical Information Service) U.S. government research reports?
Why does the U.S. government like interfering in other countries' internal affairs?
What can be done to involve people in governance, especially in India?
Should a representative democracy be considered part of the commons?
We get 600 dollars a month from our government check, how much money does that add up to in a year?
Has Modi’s government failed to deal with internal security (naksal samasya) in red corridor states?
Why does the Australian government alone impose restrictions on foreign property investors?
What's a government position that you would like to fill?
How do you feel about Noakhali Government College?
What exactly did the Tamil Nadu government do to wipe out the Naxalites from the state?
Does the public have the right to know everything the U.S. government is doing?
What is the longest stretch that the Republican Party can realistically retain control of all three branches of government?
What are the pros and cons of the "Patalganga project" proposed by the Karnataka government to tap deep underground water?
Is there a better alternative to universal suffrage (voting rights for all adults)?
What are some of the schemes initiated by the government of India involving healthcare for people below the poverty line?
How can we identify if a trust has been registered with the government of India?
Is there any country that has struggled for democracy and is currently not democratic?
How did the feudal system influence the government of China?
How do Greeks feel for having a radical left party in the government?
What would happen if the Australian Government assigned a 'Scientific Council' to reject any laws which were deemed unscientific?
Is the Portuguese Government good?
Is Narendra Modi planning to form a government in Delhi by overthrowing the current government?
Which Indian City can never be clean despite Swacch Bharat initiatives taken by the government?
Why is the Modi government not taking any strict action against the Naxalites involved in the Sukma attack?
Why doesn't the Indian government or the state government relocate street dogs?
Should America abolish the federal government?
As a government employee, how much is the cash-in-hand salary?
Does the Israeli government do the same as the Indian government does in regards to terrorism?
What's your opinion on how Modi's government has handled the issue of judicial appointments?
How does the government structure work in India from centre to village?
Why doesn’t the government go for the President’s Rule in Kashmir Valley?
Does secularism contradict the federal structure of the Indian republic?
Is it correct that government charges 150% tax on petroleum products?
Do new nations depend on their governments to succeed? How would you explain this?
Has the BJP government failed in internal security, external security and foreign policy?
Does gold rise because confidence in the government falls or because of money printing?
Why don't people realize that these 100 days are not Trump's problem, they are the problem of two useless branches of government?
Why do governments outsource and not just provide the services themselves?
Should the people be held responsible for the evil their government is allowed to do in their name?
Do American people realize what their government has done to world?
Why did government never allow us to print their money for ourselves?
How can we start an armed revolution against any repressive government to overthrow the government?
What could be a good alternative to polybags? Can the government ban them?
What are the steps to be taken for minimizing the road accidents in our country?
Is it good to drop a private job and prepare for a government job?
For institutions, politicians, and individual citizens, what are the challenges to democracy that happen every single day, large and small?
How will creating a school political party involving communism affect my outside life?
County government is made up of what?
How does a network society reshape government?
Should the government focus on preserving natural environment and less on economic development?
What would the world’s governments do if I had immortality?
How would it be to have a government controlled by software?
Who among those in the IAS get the chance to serve for the Central government?
How do energy companies put pressure on governments?
How corrupted is the Indian government?
How do government officials keep straight what is and isn't classified when addressing the press?
Can we bribe someone for government jobs in India?
How would you rate the NDA government's three-year performance?
How can the government limit the right to assembly?
Can your category be changed after joining government service?
Is an oil rig renting the ocean floor from the government? Or is it owning it?
Where and how do governments source their borrowing?
What government or industrial functions should Beijing transfer to the Xiongan New Area?
What would happen if a car broke down on the entrance of a prison facility or a secret government facility having no way to contact for help?
How powerful is the Indian government?
Why do the privileged, powerful, and elite like the veil of democracy while at the same time disliking democracy?
What is the importance of legislative branch leaders?
For how much time can a mobile bill be claimed by central government employees?
For Christians: if a tyrannical government takes over, does Romans 13 still apply when it comes to obedience to governing powers?
What is the difference in a federal crime and state?
If you had to choose between a fanatical theocratic government or a Nazi government, which would you choose?
Does the local government have a "duty to inform" when you move to a new city?
What is cabinet ministry and who rules to who?
What is Naxalite? Why it's started? Who started? What they want from Indian government?
If there was a world government, would a democracy be best?
What is the most successful way to campaign for government accountability reforms?
Should India break up Uttar Pradesh into smaller states for better governance?
How do you get all government files about yourself?
What are the different forms of constitutions?
Why doesn’t the government pass a law to solve all cases, either criminal or civil, within a year or two?
Why was peer-to-peer file sharing taken down by the music industry while regulatory agencies and governments can’t do the same with Uber and Airbnb?
As Texas continues to grow into one of the most populous and one of the most economically powerful states in the Union, is it wise for our state government to continue to employ such a politically weak governor?
Businesses should be seen as partners in cleaning up the environment and not be treated as suspects by the government. What are people’s opinions about that?
What are the scopes of MJMC in government sectors?
What is the most wasteful thing the government of Louisiana has paid for?
Does the U.S. government have a plan for a robot uprising?
Is the Venezuelan government arming its supporters against a possible coup?
How could a dictator take power in a previously democratic country with minimal resistance?
How best can you describe the vertical distribution of power in the government?
Does the Constitution of Pakistan allow military interference? It seems that there is a lesser role of the Democratic government than the holy army?
Who said, "The best government is by far the least government?”
Is our democracy hacked?
How can a country like somalia achieve stable government?
Is communism illegal in Germany?
What can you do with an intelligence degree outside of government agencies?
What type of federalism is practiced in Canada? On what basis is the federal state divided?
Does the US government have exemption of informed consent in experimentation?
Why does the US have only around 2-3 times the budget of Germany, while it has 5-6 times its GDP?
Why is Ivanka Trump all over the place when she holds no official position?
What are the legislative powers of the president?
How do Americans justify that democracy is the system every country should implement when the democracy in their country could easily be compromised?
How do the existing rulers of China react to people's demands for democracy?
Why is Russia referred to as a non-democracy and the United States is referred to as a democracy?
If the govt. hasn't been able to disclose the quantum of old currency that is deposited back, then why do we still not question the credibility of this govt.?
What advantages does a democracy have over other forms of government?
On a practical note, why and how is the Modi government failing?
What are the pros and cons of the FCRA (foreign contributions to the political parties) amendments proposed by the Modi government?
Does the nation state need to be replaced with a new form of government?
What action can be taken by a government department regarding unauthorised absence for 40-45 days by an employee?
What are the advantages and pitfalls of nationalisation? Why do governments do it?
Why are Indian government works so lame and always delayed?
Is the BJP government leading India towards development, considering all aspects?
Is it possible to hand governing power back to the monarch in the United Kingdom and dissolve power from Parliament?
Why should the Canadian government receive federal funding for sanctuary cities?
Can a common man ask about the salary of a government official?
Should 2019 be the government of Modi, and will this government give any benefit to India?
Should the government ban interest-only loans in housing to prevent them from blowing up and destabilizing the financial sector and the broader economy?
Where does the government get the new money to replace the old ones and what are the strategies?
Why are there so many slums in the urban cities of India despite the steps taken by the government?
Why is the Modi government passing all of the bills it blocked during Congress’ rule?
Can the future cities project in India help the Indian government to rapidly modernize the military, since they will get a good amount of money from it?
What is the rule on giving salary to a jailed government employee in India?
To what extent is the current drought crisis in part of Africa a failure of governance?
Why doesn’t the government ban Chinese food imports like plastic rice, artificially prepared eggs, etc. rather than warning people not to each such things?
In NSW, Australia, the state government has privatized property title registration. Has this been done anywhere else?
Who all puts their minds to drafting new policies in the Indian government?
Why are African governments mostly corrupt?
What is a combination party in government?
What is the criteria for selecting cities under the UDAN scheme by the central government?
If you work for the FBI, are you considered to be part of the judicial branch or the executive branch of the government?
How can access to more information be bad for democracy?
Can we get double HRA for transferring from Jaipur to Tripura?
Is democracy sustainable?
What are the major decisions taken by the current BJP government which are not good for democracy?
What are the jobs offered on scientific officer posts in the Indian Government?
How can we scale representative government to modern population sizes without making it impersonal & sacrificing civic engagement?
What will happen if the government set up a suicide organ?
Why are governments not keeping track of their citizens abroad to check the ISIS menace?
How do banks affect the government?
How does pay fixation work for a central government employee if their date of promotion and increment is 01–07–2016?
How are quasi-legislative powers used?
The government isn't giving me my tax return and basically 'let' a school stop putting through my student loan. What do I do?
Why do Indian government companies provide the worst service & their staff behaves as though they are frustrated?
Is communism good or bad for a country like India?
Should schools in India be nationalized?
How can the state government go against the federal government?
What would happen if governments and politicians themselves start doing illegal stuff for personal gains?
Which are the best government jobs with 4200 grade pay?
Should the residents of a neighborhood be allowed to control how the government uses the land in their neighbourhood?
Which life is better: engineering or government job like FDA?
What are the main purposes of the legislature branch, executive branch, and judiciary branch? Why are they important to the democratic government?
Why don’t people in Bengal overthow the Mamata government?
What actions should be taken against people who misused the government money?
When does the government plan to completely ban BSIII vehicles?
Why did the Modi government not take any action against the accused named in the Panama papers?
What actions are taken by the government against ewe teasing?
What is a practical and perfect form of government?
Should we judge other countries and their governments?
Is there any situation where solutions and actions taken by the government due to a revelation in debate and reality shows like Arnab does in India ?
What do investors look out for when buying government bonds?
How will the government overcome the short-term effects of demonetization?
How can I get government projects for my NGO in India?
Is it certain that the EAMCET won’t be conducted in 2018 in Telangana State, or how much more time will it take for the state government to declare a decision?
Why are Christian values a part of the U.S. Government still today?
Is it right to justify the failures of the central government just for the sheer fact that at least they are trying?
Can we trust statistics provided in the government websites?
Is there any regulation/rulings governing the exemption of non-public entities being subject to audit in the US?
Should smartphones allow backdoor access to government agencies?
How's the real relationship between the Tatmadaw and the NLD government?
What are the difficulties of local self-government in India?
What is global governance, concepts and challenges?
How does the government of a country enforce collective decisions made elsewhere?
Why is communism said to be inevitable?
Can Tunisian democracy survive Islamism?
Dawood Ibrahim is in critical condition. After his death, will the Indian authorities be able to get rid of the underworld network present in India?
What is a general turn priority and a non-priority in the Tamil Nadu government sector applications?
Does living in government-funded housing facilities impair low-income families psychologically?
How do a company get a government tender like TCS having tender for passport?
Who decides upon the pension for central govt. employees?
Can the Indian government make a rule mandating a minimum of 3-to-5 years of Defence Service before joining any state or Central government job?
Should India be a democracy or a monarchy?
What should the next Korean government do to prevent fine dust?
Do Jats come under the general category in the Central list?
Government jobs are still permanent in India, provided that there are a lot of well performing unemployed people waiting to get a chance. Why?
How did the Vichy (France) government in WWII work?
Is the government responsible for the cut in IT jobs?
What is democratic government?
Do executives understand how vulnerable their systems are to ransom or attack without supported software updates and cybersecurity?
Is it true that the Malaysian government UMNO party supports unity, but will take violence to keep your mouth shut?
What are the public databases and APIs that governments provide and a developer could use?
Would you rather live in a place with an all-powerful government or no government at all?
Does the government have SECART advanced technology as part of their civilization level on the Kardashev scale?
Why is nationalism bad? If we're paying taxes, shouldn't our government put the taxpayers' investment first?
Are people taking advantage of the scheme given by the Modi government?
Should political party formation end in a democracy so that everyone can get a fair chance to fight in elections?
How do US citizens or any citizens residing under a similar form of government see Canadian politics?
Is SBI clerk a central government job?
Is it time to abolish tax returns in the US? Considering how large Bush and Obama grew government surveillance, the government knows already what you owe.
What do Indian government do with ceased imported cars and bikes? Is there any way to purchase them?
Why do governors appoint an acting governor when they leave the state? Can't the governor do the job from out of state?
What is the rule of three in the government?
Do many Americans want their government to work to divide the EU?
What is the definition of the ideal form of government in Hindi?
What type of government gives citizen the same rights as the US but has a dictator?
Is there a document that was released by the government on the merger of CMPFO and EPFO?
Can we call tax as compulsory extortion of money by the government?
Is the government help to buy scheme allowing builders to justify increased house prices?
What is the only political party allowed in China? How does this affect their government?
What are the government mechanisms for good governance?
What are modern day examples of Limited Government in the US Government?
Who are the Kashmir separatists, and why is the government providing so much security?
Whose government is most oppressive?
Is it legal for an Indian government employee to simultaneously run his business or work somewhere else to earn moey?
Why do listed companies need to have corporate governance?
How does the US government use GIS?
How was the Fadnavis government?
In order to raise funds for the NHS and state schools, should the government revive the financial transactions ‘Robin Hood’ tax?
Is democracy a purely Western innovation?
What are the government subsidies on dairy projects in India?
What are the causes of exercising control over Business by the Government (of India)?
What is a unitary political system?
How do the 3 municipal corporations of Delhi, Delhi State Government & Central Government work in the administration of Delhi City?
Is Libertarianism an employable form of government for large nations?
Why does the Modi government talk only about economic and infrastructural developments​ and not much about social development?
Should the Modi government ask the CM of Chhattisgarh to shift the capital to Bijapur from Raipur in order to tackle the Naxal problem?
What should be the best response from government over Shukma attack?
Is there a strong link between democracy and good governance?
Is it possible to live in India without bribing cops and staff in any government offices to get your job done?
How do governments transfer capital cities?
Should the Texas state government continue to use the same plural executive power structure to prevent any single member of the executive branch from becoming too powerful?
Should the government need to make a regulation for every single 'company' to implement CSR?
Would someone like to share the percentage system going on in government departments for a major contract value?
The BJP in Chhattisgarh has failed to solve the Naxalite problem even after 13 years of ruling. Is it time to change the state government?
How can partisan gerrymandering be avoided in a modern democracy?
What would be the difference in UK Government spending if there was no public debt of any kind?
Why can governments spy on people but the vice versa is not true? Why can’t people spy on the government?
What are the instruments of direct democracy?
What would happen if the electric power industry of a country is privately owned by one businessman as an absolute monopoly ?
Why are governments allowed to spy on people, but I'm not?
Why is the dowry overhyped with government jobs?
Does Modi's Make in India plan suffer due to the corruption of the state governments?
Are central government​ employees​ who are under probation​ eligible for trekking leave?
What are policies or legislation on cybersecurity that can be implemented in cities?
Why are most of the state government jobs contractual in Odisha?
If people get brainwashed by right-wing parties and they elect a corrupt government in India, how can democracy exist then?
For a central government job, can I apply state government approved caste certificate?
In what way can government assist in the development of a country?
Is the craze of UPSC going down after the Modi government removed the VIP culture and the beacon lights?
In what ways can a government change after a different political party wins an election?
How will the US government change?
If true Socialism has never been implemented, as many Socialists say, isn't it a huge coincidence that all governments that tried to implement it failed?
Should the UK adopt more Swiss style direct democracy?
How is the BJP/Modi government fooling people?
Why is Modi's government not making the swipe machine or UPI mandatory in provisional stores?
What are the neglected national monuments by government of India?
Is there anyone in the Indian government who's taking India's water problems seriously?
Is the Indian government obligated to demote English in India?
Can the Chinese government charge any foreigner with spying?
What kind of government was there before democracy in India?
What are the advantages of government franchises?
Do alcohol companies bribe state governments to increase the number of alcohol shops? How can we reduce them?
Why do people talk of democracy as if it's infallible, and the solution to every political issue in the world?
If a R&AW officer happens to see corruption in any government departments or among politicians, will they take appropriate legal action?
What is the future of Nigerian government under the current president?
If India is a comparatively poor country why doesn't the government print more notes and make our country rich?
How can you run a country without government?
Why isn't the Indian government taking action against the Hurriyat, despite knowing that Pak's ISI is fueling and funding the unrest in Kashmir?
Do government and state officials speak what is known as legalese?
How do you cope with living under a dictatorship when you don’t have the resources to get out and you’re not sure you ever will?
How do I get a government job easily after 12th science?
Is there any reservation for ex-servicemen in Group B government jobs?
What are the modern-day examples of federalism in the US government?
Why was the 50% service quota scrapped for Tamil Nadu government doctors for pursuing postgraduate work?
Do lawmakers know enough about the science of human reproduction?
Can I claim as tax credit, tax collected at source paid to government?
Why are Democrats so obsessed with minorities?
What are some steps that the government can implement to stop rape?
What is the fate of Tamil Nadu under the BJP central government?
Why is the USA such a violent place compares to the other established democracies?
What are the concurrent functions of a local government?
What sort of constitutional provision is saving government employees in India from getting fired for non-performance, negligence of duty and corruption?
Why is there no serious action against cow rakshaks who terrorize people and spread hatred?
Why does the government make it so difficult for minors to work?
How good is the Modi government at silencing the public?
How do governmental institutions operate?
How was democracy restored in Chile?
Do forms of government matter without economic opportunities?
What kind of government will be effective if artificial intelligence came into function?
How come governments all over the world hoard gold?
How do I deal with the pressure from my parents to get a government job?
How common is it to sit on an article you've produced because of government security concerns/intervention?
Is the media making it virtually impossible for any President to govern, regardless of party?
What are some of the visible changes after Trump Governance?
What would happen if the whole world had one government, no borders, and one supreme leader?
Why don't governments all around the world impose amortization requirements, like the Swedish government, to lower household debt levels?
Why do governments prefer to hire previous or current government employees?
What are the reasons for Babu’s ill treatment of clients in government offices?
I'm familiar with the UN, NATO and the world court. What other organs of world government (or quasi-world government) are already extant?
Can we say taxation as a comulsory extortion of money by the government?
Which system of government would be best suited as a single global government and why?
Is there a correlation between the downfall of government-run industries post 1990, and the rise of Marwari business families in Nepal?
Who is the youngest member of 18F?
Will making Hindi mandatory in schools nationwide really promote fraternity, unity, and national integration as reasoned by the central government?
How did democracy come to be?
Why don't governments end the suffering of disabled, mentally ill and desperate people by assisting them to commit suicide?
Why is the Thai government so worried about the King being shown in a crop-top?
Who holds power over Romanian government besides their cabinet?
How can the UK avoid becoming a de facto totalitarian dictatorship?
How could the people put the army out of politics and continue the path to real democracy in Egypt?
Why does China need authoritarians?
What are the telltales of dictatorship?
Why don't the people from North Korea rebel against their government?
What is an example of an economic good that improved for consumers in both price and quality faster where government control increased?
Why did democracy fail in Russia?
Where can I get OCB in Erode, Tamil Nadu?
Is MS-CIT essential for getting government jobs in Maharashtra?
Why is India growing despite its government and not because of it?
Why hasn’t the Indian government taking any strong steps against terrorism? Why are our brave Indian soldiers sacrificing their lives every day?
Why were vertical launchers, until recently, only operated by governments?
Why is democracy important today?
Why does the West try implementing democracy in other countries despite that solution being bad for the target?
If the US had a Nazi government at present, would there be a strong enough coalition to stop it from world domination?
When the world faces extinction, is there a possibility of a worldwide uniform government?
If destroying currency is a gain for the government, then why is it against the law?
Can an Indian government employee become rich?
What are the conditions for a country to have a democracy?
What are the types of communism?
Can I get the promises of congress government which were not completed still?
How is the government going to address the NPA issue of a bank?
What is the importance of direct democracy?
What is the difference between a dictatorship and a totalitarian type of political system?
If you're a security guard appointed by a contractor at a Central government unit, and are mistreated regarding salary, what can you do? Whom can you complain to?
Are elections the real test of democracy?
How did democracy spread in monarchist Europe?
What is the difference between unitary form of Government and Federal government?
Should the government be able to control what you put into your own body?
If the most extreme right-wing constituency of our government could pass any laws and do as they pleased for 20 years, what would America look like in any and every aspect?
Why does the BJP government waste taxpayers’ money on its advertisements?
Should California cooperate with the federal government to deport the illegals who are criminals?
Does the govt. give loans for post-graduation?
Are there government jobs for psychologists?
Why should or shouldn’t small farms be government subsidized?
Now that WikiLeaks has been exposed as a tool of Russian intelligence/cyberwarfare, when will Western governments take action to shut it down?
What does "interactive governance" mean?
How are ships governed by national laws and regulations?
Has there ever been a religious totalitarian state?
How is a misleading and fraud company like MobiKwik being allowed to continue operations by the government of India?
What are the main reasons why most of Vietnamese don't speak up against their corrupted inefficient government even though they are fed up with it?
Can democracy and monarchy coexist?
Do we have a single official website for all government jobs in India?
What is a data governance operating model?
What are the achievements of the Narendra Modi government 3 years after they came to power in 2014?
If hypothetically, a one world government or federation was established, how would it's sociopolitical underpinnings look like?
Is the Maharashtra Government aware of the heavy crowd in local trains? The common Mumbaikar question is, “Did they have any idea how to control the crowd”?
Why has our government become so partisan over the last 20 years?
Why does the Indian government support the gau rakshak terrorists that kill its own citizens?
Is a revolution an option for Nigeria’s bad government?
Why doesn't the government take action against the RSS group's activities?
How does Germany’s Constitutional Court defend German democracy?
If a large majority of people in a country want the land they are residing on to be a separate country, and a big protest is going on, then what will the government do?
What are some examples of unitary systems of government?
Do you think de-licensing is different from structural reforms in India?
How much money do goverments spend on plastic recycling?
How were the various kingdoms and independent realms organized in Anglo-Saxon England (A.D. 500 - A.D. 1066)?
What does the head clerk do in government in India? Is the job respectful?
What do Awdesh Singh, GV and Balaji think about owning a job, doing a private job and, of course, doing a government job?
Which is better, democracy or monarchy?
Why are Republican states trying to reduce the federal government when they are the most dependent on the federal government
Why hasn't Canada federalized all the national highways into a federal system guaranteeing a uniform experience for all drivers across provinces?
When will the American people stand up to the corrupt government?
Do we have any idea to what extent the Chinese government has penetrated US intelligence?
Where does the money/gold seized by government agencies get accounted for and spent?
What are the factors which have compelled India to adapt a federal system of government?
Is it important for the government to have secrets?
What are the differences between the local government and devolution?
Did the British government betray Zimbabwe on the land issue?
Can an government employee join the Digitize India platform?
What measures can be taken by the Indian government to make India up to par or closer to the rest of the world in terms of technology?
If the government bans gas vehicles, then what will the pollution rate of India be?
Why does the government regulate abortion?
Will the Templars succeed in creating the first AI-headed government?
What civil disobedience tactics can residents of countries having dictatorships use to advance towards democracy?
How was getting a government job in the 1980s?
What should I do with my inherited knowledge of the Russian language? I have never used it that much.
What is global governance 2025?
Why is the Modi government proving to be lazy in tackling the Naxal issue of Bastar?
What is a good way to communicate if I think my government is tapping my communication?
When will Cartosat-3 data be launched for execution of government projects like NUIS and DILRMP?
Which government organisation in India (specifically government banks like SBI) provides 100% medical reimbursement for family members?
Why is the Indian Government very slow in providing justice?
What do you mean by government finance?
Do you think there is disproportionate interest in the Executive branch of the US government?
What is like to work in a company with stringent governance?
Do you really think the Americans would want a Queen instead of democracy?
What is the involvement of a government in an e-commerce startup?
Why does the Mumbai government not shun slums which are a major cause of crime and pollution?
What are all the ways a person's assets can be frozen? Examples include lawsuits, judgements from governmental agencies, etc.
Is a Delhi police employee a central government civilian employee?
Why does the government not legalize marijuana?
What has changed during the 3 years of the Modi government?
Why is the Government of India worried about gold imports? How is it affecting trade deficit? What kind of policy does the government need to implement?
Can I file a PIL against the party based democracy and its working by giving my views that partyless democracy works better?
Why is the redistribution of income a legitimate role for the federal government?
Why do governments have difficulty giving their people large cash grants to better survive instead of spending on wasteful projects?
Is there any Government financial support for starting a khadi unite?
If you don't like the ‘flavour’ of democracy in your country, what other options are available?
How can government do changes in current education system?
Why do most economists believe​ that post-demonetization GDP facts by the Modi government have been altered?
How do l deal with those Government officers who sneak in my personal stuff which I hate?
What's your experience of the Indian Government's website/app on governance (MyGov/NaMo)?
What is the world's largest administrative/government database?
Can the government force someone back into service?
What steps should be taken by the government and by the youth themselves to eradicate 'youth unemployment' from India (from 2017 onwards)?
If you could make any political reform in any country right now, which country would it be and what would you change?
Why are there so many government service centers, nowadays, in India?
What are the “executive” and the “legislature”? Why does the responsibility of the executive change in a presidential system compared to a parliamentary system?
How can we file a complaint regarding labour law? Is there any dedicated government agency who can help for HR related queries? Is there any email ID?
Why are there so many remaining vacancies in the US federal government’s key jobs?
What do governments do when their agencies or offices are hacked into and they find out that it is an external state actor? Do they confront their ambassador?
Which employees are covered in class I under Haryana government?
What would be the facilities for the local level elected person in Nepal?
It's been around 3 years for Modi's government, what is the biggest achievement till date?
What are the functions of a governing board of an NGO?
Why are the worst governments formed, when existing governments are overthrown by revolution?
Is this type of federalism practicable in Nepal?
How did Joseph Stalin overthrow the government?
What world leaders threw their government into chaos and/or disastrous political failure the quickest?
What type of government does Israel have?
Is there any way of providing government-level cybersecurity to end users at a low price internationally?
What are timocracy, oligarchy, democracy, and tyranny?
What is it like to pursue a career in Regulatory Affairs?
What are challenges in urban water governance for Dhaka as a mega city?
Why does PM Modi always receive foreign heads of government/nation at the Hyderabad house only?
What are the powers given to the different levels of government?
Is there any truth to the idea that if your invention idea is too brilliant, the goverment might try and actually snuff you or your invention out?
What are the government jobs available for an unreserved male at the age of 32 years?
What are the different forms of government around the world?
What are the disadvantages of a back paper in the AKTU for PSU?
Should the government outlaw Uber?
How does government housing work in America?
Did American founders invent the presidential system of government?
How do I get instant notification regarding the latest central government jobs and AP State government jobs?
What steps have been taken by the government to work on the rural development in Pakistan?
Is the Modi government not anti-farmer? Just like the farmers have been fooled by telling the scheme of a fraudulent insurance plan.
What are your concerns and reservations about the Lagos State Government reforms in the transportation sector later this year?
How much money did the government give to slain jawans from the Indian tax payers' money?
Are there any countries that have no governments ruling them?
What are your worst experiences with government babus?
Which country has the most benign government?
Why isn’t the Indian government taking the necessary steps to prevent Indians from being murdered by Americans?
Has the time come to establish military dictatorship in India?
What companies provide a data exchange marketplace for organizations and governments to buy and sell data?
Why do politicians build family dynasties in the name of democracy?
Which congresspeople voted against the Saving American Democracy Amendment?
Why is the central government imposing Hindi on South India?
Why are public governmental aids against being an enterpreneur?
How can China make its government more responsive and user-friendly to its people without embracing full democracy?
When will the central government staff will get their 7th pay salary?
How do managers maintain staff retention in their government departments?
How would Wales respond to the block that just happened by the Turkish government?
Do any of the world's governments or space agencies have plans in case of an apocalyptic-sized asteroid being on a collision course with Earth?
When will the Indian Government or IRB developers stop collecting toll tax on Ahmedabad-Vadodara Express Way in Gujarat?
Why is it bad for a government to invest in companies, as with the bailout of AIG?
How can I know if someone currently works for the Federal Government?
I am working as a government servant. How can I get my salary slip?
How can trust be restored in American government and public industries?
Why do Democrats think it helps the poor for the government to take people's money and merely talk about how much the money might help the poor?
What are all anarchy ideas?
Is there a government ideology that is often forgotten?
Why is it that all governments don't provide free food to everyone?
What is the value of spending public funds on discovering the origin of inanimate objects?
If the US government found evidence of space aliens, would they publicize it or would they cover it up?
Is a lean socialist government possible?
Can a government employee be a firm or company partner?
How would the world react if Trump was reelected?
Isn’t it time that we helped Iran out of the cold and into the light?
How would you turn your country into a complete dictatorship?
Can republic democracies in many nations today turn into dictatorships, like what Caesar did in Rome?
What if the US chose a parliamentary republic instead of a presidential republic in 1788?
What is not a power of the federal government?
What might happen to countries if they suddenly let young people in their thirties run the government and even be presidents and prime ministers?
Why is Obamacare premium rising inspite of government providing subsidies?
What have been the biggest failures of Narendra Modi's government?
Why are most of the monarchies more successful than democracies?
What do you know or think about Nigerian government and the governed?
Can we make the US Government more efficient and prone to less gridlock?
What documentation is required for architect to register in government departments in M.P.?
What cuts did the Tory government make to people with disabilities?
What steps have been taken so far by the state and centre to abolish the Naxalite base camp in Bastar?
What is your best advice to poor nations? What should their governments and people be focusing on the most?
Is it possible to promote democracy without political parties?
What are the steps taken by Modi government to seal India Pakistan border?
Why do some European governments not use the best practice and benchmarking methods to improve their governance?
What next surprise action, like demonetization, can be taken by the Modi government before the 2019 election?
How can the government fight against the issue of aging population?
What angers you (most) about the federal government?
Is there still a partial government seat in PSG?
If you're living in a country where there is an elected dictator and he's set to govern for a dozen more years, what are your options?
Do people becomes corrupt after getting government jobs?
In layman's terms, how does the provincial government work?
Why is Modi government spending so much for minorities?
Which action is likely to be taken by the government to avenge the recent attack by Pakistan's Border Action Team?
Why do NGOs seem have good ideas for solving world problems than most governments?
In a parliamentary system, why is the "government" considered a separate entity from the parliament?
Is the US the only country where local government buildings wave flags of a terrorist organization that waged a failed attempt to destroy the country?
Do Americans feel that the 2nd Amendment could stop a 'corrupt and abusive government'?
What is the reason that any government cannot just print as much money as it needs? Why does it lead to hyperinflation?
Why is Anna Hazare waiting to assess the central government whereas he is very critical of the Delhi government just after 2 years?
Trump accused the Democrats last week of wanting to shut down the government. But why does he now want to shut down the government?
Is it possible for the ruling government to alter general election results in Malaysia?
Why aren’t governments placing a ban on bitcoins, considering the recent cyber attacks?
What should a government be based on whether Science or religion?
When will America's authoritarian government be replaced with a democracy?
Should the Indian government put forth a nationwide heath insurance program, mandatory for all, in order to assure a minimal level of care for all?
Should I quit my job if it was at a corrupt government in a corrupt country?
In which type of system are people allowed to own property and operate businesses with little government influence?
Is there any PR firm working for the government sector?
How does a government servant defend a false case?
Why do political parties stick their posters on government properties across Mumbai? Is government property their fathers property?
Should we be always on "the watchout"?
Why do the CFSs and the CHAs charge high amounts in India? What steps is the Indian government taking to curb the exorbitant costs charged by the CFSs?
"Cases of corruption by government servants should be treated as cases of treason as they betray their country". What is your viewpoint on this?
How does the US government manage to take some random guys on an EDV basis?
Why is the government interested in the growth of the service sector & not in favour of production?
Why is the Central government of India more powerful?
Why do some govts. have a Ministry of Happiness, and what are they for?
What if one day Artifical Intelligence form our government, what will you do?
What are some good jobs in government relations?
Is a CCC NSIC certificate useful for high level government jobs?
Has the Modi government done anything which has directly benefited the common people?
If Islam becomes the world's largest religion, will it threaten democracy and freedom of speech?
Do you think capabilities of Indian intelligence agencies have increased or decreased under Modi government?
How long would it take to receive an answer from a Swedish Ministry?
Can a project manager of any government in India not work for any another country?
Is it true that the American government kills foreign people?
Why aren’t international organisations paying attention to religious intolerance by the Islamist Malaysian government?
Who would largely encourage corrupt systems in Indian government offices? And why do they thrive as if it's some sort of standard practice?
Why does the Indian government want to implement the January-December format?
How will the latest government ordinance help in the resolution of bad loans?
No objection certificate is required for a central govt employee before getting a passport, correct?
Why do Democrats want to add to the national debt by demanding more government care in making sure of "discrimination" (ha ha) against gays?
Who is going to form the government in Odisha in 2019?
What do you think was the most significant policy change after the Howard government (preferably not regarding refugees)?
What are the challenges in implementing ICT projects in government organisations?
Corruption can't seem to be eradicated. Is there not a system of governance that can completely "avoid" it then?
Did the Indian democracy run with casteism? Can the Indian democracy run beside any one religion?
What is your opinion on the government manipulating the markets by hiking the interest rates as it wishes?
Why is the nationalisation of Royal Mail etc. so expensive for the government?
He said young people do not suit key positions in the governmental departments of countries. Can I use "legislation" to replace the governmental departments?
How did medieval historians view the democracies and republics of the classical world?
Why has the Tory UK government borrowed so much money?
What should local government do?
Is homosexuality illegal in most Muslim countries (if not all)? Is it because of the religion or because of the countries or governments themselves?
Which is the best central government job in india?
Is democracy as we know it in demise?
What was the first form of self-government in the colonies?
Is democracy possible without capitalism?
What services should be provided by the government and what should be left to the free market?
Should parliament or the SC ban all types of bans imposed by the different states or the union government?
What is the most corrupted part of the US government?
Why has the central government increased the metro fare in Delhi?
How large is the American domestic security budget in comparison to the national defense budget? What organs of government should be counted?
Does ITER, SOA University have all the government approvals?
Can the Iranian government steal the votes for Ebrahim Raisi in the Iranian elections?
What type of federal system do we have in India?
What are private military companies, the legal definition of it? And most importantly, can they be included under a branch of government for regulation?
How would you sum up the communist government?
Is it wrong to question the action or inaction of the government, military and judiciary in a democratic country like India?
What's the government budget (national budget) of Singapore?
Why don't liberal states support the call for a convention of states to limit the power of the federal government?
How does government support conferences and exhibitions?
How do I get a central government job after an M.Tech biotechnology?
Which job is better, one in the central government or one in the state government?
What action will be taken by by the government for the students if their university caught on fire?
Has the representative democracy failed in America?
Now that almost literally everyone has access to the internet, why doesn't the U.S. have all citizens vote individually on legislation?
In layman's, terms how do the provincial governments work in Canada?
What can we do to protect the American people from their democratic government of the freedom of shooting in the streets?
Can governments prevent atrocities?
How do I gain privileges for dependents at the Central Government Services?
Why is the Feku government silent on the layoffs in the IT sector?
Does the Constitution contain provisions that preserved slavery?
Why won’t the Indian government discuss and act on the recent violence against doctors?
When do you suppose artificial intelligence will start playing an active role in government, and in which areas might it debut?
Would the United States benefit from limiting the power of the executive branch of its government further?
What is the revised pay matrix 2017 for central government employees? Will it create some more anomalies?
Was Rome a dictatorship?
Which is more corrupt, the Indian government or the Pakistani government?
Is the bureaucracy failing democracy in India? Farmers are committing suicide every day. The bureaucracy is expanding its salaries.
How much time would it take for a government to force the people of their nation to change their native language to some other language?
Will Indian Muslims be happy under an Islamic government in India or instead under a secular and democratic government?
Why aren't companies charged with bribery when they pay millions of dollars to politicians whose political beliefs align with those certain companies?
Do U.S. auto manufacturers receive subsidies from the government?
Why do governments not encourage vigilantes?
Why can’t we change the parliamentary system of India?
Is it in the best interest of the people of the USA to have politicians and mainstream media delay the government’s work?
Why doesn't America become an authoritarian government like China?
Why is government not making BIM mandatory in India like our countries did in world?
Why does the government (NIRF) produce a rank-list of the colleges? Isn’t it a crime to discriminate a college based on rank?
Why do we not hold our elected officials accountable?
Can good governance exist with populism and clientelism?
What will be the consequence if the government distributes all the country’s budget to the accounts of its citizens equally?
Who benefits the most from taxes?
What do you think of the chances that the Lib-Dems will win enough seats to form a coalition in the next UK government?
Why do some people think contrails are chemicals dumped in the air from our government?
Are corrupt practices in government departments reduced after demonetization? Would someone like to share their recent experience anonymously?
Will the Tamil Nadu government improve, and who will be the next CM?
In which government departments can we get contractual jobs?
Who are Nepal’s sherpas? Why are they fighting the government?
Has a government shutdown ever happened when one party controls all three branches of the government?
If you had your own country, how would you design your governmental headquarters?
Is being governor basically being the president of your state?
What is democracy? What are two features of democracy?
Why do British governments ignore the views of Teachers and Doctors when formulating Education and Health policies?
How do I take loan from united states government as an international applicant to Umass?
Why is Erdogan considered to be a dictator?
How can citizens starve the federal government?
Would you prefer your state to remove and deport people with different political persuasions to make it a unified government?
What are the main reasons we prefer a parliamentary system?
How do government tenders work in the UAE, and can foreign nationals bid on them?
What happens when government redistributes wealth from rich people to the less fortunate?
What are three practical steps we all could take to fix the broken US government?
What is your experience of lobbying for a favor with any of the government?
Why can't the ACLU be tried for treason for constantly suing the government?
What will happen if Palangkaraya becomes Indonesia's national capital?
How does a social boycott of the government work?
Will India develop fast if it becomes dictatorial under our respectful prime minister?
How do I get a job in the government sector, after doing M.Pharm?
Why does the China Government keep any religious facilities across the nation despite their sole Communism ideology?
Do the biometric identification cards issued by the government to the public contain tracking chips?
What are some examples of governmental institutions?
Should the U.S. government regulate children’s names like they do in other countries?
What if there was no government?
What will happen if all countries have far right governments?
Are taxes "trickle up" economics whereby the masses of Americans are convinced to voluntarily enrich the few?
Why do US presidents travel with so much security, especially overseas? Don't they trust foreign governments?
Is monarchy a better form of government for a country like India?
How authoritarian is the American government?
How is a government started?
Why is Indian democracy so corrupt?
Should School superintendents be elected officials?
What Indian government is doing to stop overpopulation despite knowing the fact that it is some really serious issue for the country?
Is all democracy oligarchy in nature?
Do politicians in India force government officers (like IAS) to do certain tasks?
What does the local government do with taxes?
Why is the federal government in the health care business?
What are some bills being debated in congress?
What should the Pakistani government do to fight Indian conspiracies?
What are the upcoming jobs that the Modi government is going to release? Which engineering branch will they be related to?
Why are government officers in MP still not getting promotions? Why isn't the Modi government responding?
How much did the pre-modern governments/monarchs or academics understand about inflation?
How can taxpayers enforce delivery of basic service from the government?
How does the judiciary branch have control over the executive branch?
Can the Indian government be held liable for taking action against an employee?
Is Campaign for Judicial Accountability and Reform (CJAR) a government body?
How does Singapore prevent government corruption by corporations?
How do foreigners see India's diversity and democracy? As a democracy, how successful have we been? How has democracy served India?
What is the federalist system of government?
Why did the Oregon state government fine someone for criticizing their traffic system?
What are the benefits provided to media houses by government?
Could a "tax haven" for businesses exist in Earth’s orbit, or on the Moon?
What master’s program would help me investigate how to develop developing countries through the private sector and the people, without government involvement?
If Superhumans were created through advanced tech, what branch of American government would be in charge of utilising these new assets?
Can I fill a government vacancy on the basis of a provisional certificate?
What makes some people steal from their government?
Why doesn’t the United States of America adopt the People’s Republic of China’s style of governance?
Can mass media be used to brainwash citizens to push a government's agenda and to increase consumerism? If yes, can you give some examples?
How did the US government respond to the Great Depression?
How much are the liberal policies of the previous years' government responsible for the state of India today?
If a congressman turns off phones paid for by the U.S. government and normally answered by government employees, is that criminal misuse of funds?
What percentage of the State Bank of India’s shares does the government own?
Why is the central government unable to handle the Kashmir issue even though they are part of the JK-led state government?
If you could live without the government bothering you, how would you choose to live?
What kind of influence does psychology/psychologists have on government and policy?
What are the most innovative approaches to measuring the impact of public investments in emerging technology like AI, genetics, neuroscience, and Blockchain?
Should goverment legislate to close the gender pay gaps?
Why is almost a third of US government spending discretionary and not transparent to the people?
Is there any public portal where the government provides the rationale behind any policy change it does? If not shouldn't we ask for it?
How would the concept of Lebensbraum be applied in modern governments?
Are government guest houses open for all?
Were the Southern state governments truly representative of their people in 1860, as only landowners and males could vote in some states?
Is there a country which follows Islamic principles of governance that can be considered a success in the modern world?
How can a government ever get a grip on cryptocurrencies for taxing purposes?
What are schemes introduced by the government to encourage entrepreneurship in India?
Why is tobacco sale to minors not regulated by the Pakistani Government?
Why are Indian doctors beaten up a lot nowadays? Why is the media silent and why is the government not taking any action?
Where can I find the latest update for central government engineering jobs?
Why is the AP government neglecting Chittoor in development?
Why did the UPA government in India frame Col. Purohit for the blast?
When has a US government ever made life fulfilling for its people?
To be a true democracy, shouldn't we vote on issues rather than parties?
Can you explain to a layman how governments create new jobs?
Question with a assumption: What is it that makes Brits think of a minority government as being so awful?
Has the current NDA government indulged in reckless abuse of power?
How do you control people since religion and government do not work?
What is the difference between Legislative Assembly & Legislative Council?
Which democracy has mostly been adopted in Africa?
Will the Indian Government privatize Hindustan Petroleum Corporation?
What if everybody worked for the government?
What are the current illiberal democracies of the world?
Internet+Democracy+Capitalism=Populism. Is there a concrete way to move towards a form of government which ensures the survival of mankind?
How would shutting down the government effect someone on Social Security?
How do you feel about the GOP part of our government not doing its job for 8 years, hurting the US?
What is a Government Emporium? Who runs them? Why?
Are most Western nations becoming disenchanted with Liberalism in their government? Is that why they are passing more and more authoritarian laws?
Has the US government ever been involved in killing its own citizens?
Has anyone extorted money using government tools like RTI?
Can the Venezuelan opposition present a unified front against Maduro's government?
How can I mobilize people for democracy?
Can a resident of a state be governor of that state in India?
Is it cool to work for the central government in India?
Is government spending on goods and services counted in the GDP?
Why does nobody realize that Rousseau's Social Contract has curtailed far more freedom, and justified far more undue power, than the Bible or Koran?
Why is it recognized that the Chinese government is one of the most effective governing body in the world?
What should be the government’s policy to clean any river?
Is the so-called universal value of democracy another version of communism that sounds good but is not universally applicable in the real world?
In what ways can democracy become tyrannical?
Why does the central government or state government of Tamil Nadu not care about the Tamil Nadu farmers, even after 40 days of derogatory agitation?
Will the Indian Government privatize Bharat Petroleum Corporation?
What are the current views on the government's efforts to fight black money?
How much innovation in the United States has come from the market alone, with no government subsidy?
Will Vietnam become a dictatorship?
The government changed in Punjab, fair price shops black-marketing wheat, saying this is given by the old government and not meant for the public. How can I file RTI, and where?
What legal powers does the US have to stop Rosneft from taking ownership of Citgo?
Is it true that democracy cannot live without capitalism?
If both parties are beholden to corporate interests, does that make for-profit corporations and the government the real public enemies?
How did the governments of the various Soviet Republics operate within the Soviet Union?
What limits exist on criticism of leaders and government policies in China?
In many countries, few people have extremely high incomes compared to the rest of the population. Should the government allow this to happen?
Where are the core issues in the BJP government (like education, employment, empowerment, Naxalism, health, etc.)?
What is the instrumental value of Democracy?
How is the Iranian government actually run?
Is government meant to be in the best interest of life and liberties for the people, or are the people merely to money for government monetary gain and control?
How does public funding makes political candidates serve the interests of the government instead of those of the people?
If a Central Government employee resigns and joins another Central Government job (without NOC), what happens to his NPS?
Why do all the democracies not become one single country?
Why do you think China has no democracy? Give some examples.
Is monarchy better than democracy?
Can the government force people to volunteer for medical experiments?
What is the difference between the policies of the Modi and Congress governments in dealing with the Kashmir problem?
What will happen if the Venezuelan government collapses a little faster? Who will take over?
Do you think that the inability to create jobs is the biggest failure of the Modi government?
Is the Modi government fooling people by manipulating economic data?
Where does a 108 ambulance drop a patient - his/her choice, near a private or government hospital, or only near a government hospital?
Is the ALEC presence in the political process eroding democracy in America?
Are the ideals of liberty, equality and self-government in conflict with keeping the people and country safe?
Why is no government, including Modi’s government, able to control corruption in burocracy and judiciary?
Does the government own my land, and can it do whatever it wants with it?
What is the main and most important responsibility of the executive branch?
We already have CSIR, which is chaired directly by the PM. So why is the government mulling a new proposal to set up SPARK?
How might big data affect government policy or the choices of a company such as Netflix?
What would happen if someone was caught selling Navy secrets to a foreign government?
In a socialist economy, if the government is not doing a fair job of running things to the benefit of all, who does that hurt?
What is your opinion on abolishing red beacons for dignitaries from vehicles ?
Should the US government cut spending on the military? And if you say yes, where should the money be dispersed?
How can I check how the Indian government is spending my tax money?
What is the "Government of India" category in the Thapar University undergraduate applications form?
Why don't the Iranians man up and revolt against their draconian government?
What does Ciro Gomes mean by his recurring expression "democracy is not a concession regime, but a regime of achievement"?
Has the BJP government​ done anything for the central government​ employees till now?
What is the difference between presidential and parliamentary government?
What is most important for any country - democracy or development?
Is there any place in the world that doesn’t have a government other than Antarctica?
What is stopping the Indian government from legitimising pre-nuptial agreements between couples?
What is going to happen to codes for nuclear weapons if the government is overthrown by revolution?
What are some areas outside of government and dating where throwing money at a problem doesn't solve a problem completely?
What would be the future prospects of a narcotics inspector (central government) under the Modi government?
If you had absolute authority over the world's governmental finances, how would you spend all the money?
Are any steps being taken by DRDO to improve its efficiency under the current government?
Can a corrupt government achieve good results simply with a larger budget?
Tamil Nadu farmers are protesting against the government in Delhi. What could be the real agenda behind this protest?
What has the Indian government done about Indian diaspora research studies?
What would happen if someone showed proof to the US law court that the government, CIA, Secret Service and everything else was faked and acting against the law?
How should the government solve the problem of 'cheap thugs for hire' in Kashmir?
What actions has the government taken to get Mr. Kulbhushan Jadhav back?
What is your opinion about the Pappathi Chola incident in Idukki? Do you stand with the ideology of the government?
Do you think a supranational political entity is possible?
What role should the government play in the distribution of wealth?
How many Americans use illegal drugs, and what is the government doing to prevent this?
Is taking action that advances the cause of democratic governance a legitimate way to assess ethical behavior?
Why does a mix of public and private funding support democracy and economic stability in a political campaign?
What is your opinion regarding Yogi adding only govt. employees’ children to govt. schools and not children of MLAs and Ministers?
What is your experience after switching jobs from private to government, or vice versa?
What is the annual South African breakdown of what the SA government uses tax money for?
Would the UK government be a dictatorship if every MP was from the same party?
Why do people love democracy when a dictatorship is obviously better?
What happens to societies whose governments focus on business and military and denies, ignores, or is hostile towards science?
Is democracy the best form of government in the world?
Why would the Thai government outlaw street food vendors?
How can we change the government so that lying and corruption are severely limited?
Why doesn't the Indian government take steps to increase the number of tax payers in the country?
Large companies are influencing the government to create harmful laws. What can we do about it?
Why does the Communist government in China not allow public criticism of its leaders?
Which sector is good, private or government as an EC engineer?
No government in the world has ever been re-elected after it implemented the GST. Do you think the Modi government will face the same fate?
How can you prevent new dangerous governments from forming if you minimize the size of the current government?
What is the role of the Central Government towards the development of Bihar?
How should I deal with a government employee who is harassing me?
Why should I trust the government?
How is the Government of India Act of 1919 different from the Government of India Act of 1935?
Why aren’t municipal corporations, like BMC or MCD, controlled by their respective state governments?
Would signing a petition criticising the government and pressuring for action put your email on a blacklist?
Should the central government do something about the TN farmers issue, and what is the state government doing about it?
As a system of government, is democracy undergoing changes, or, has it begun to evolve into any other system?
What were the similarities between the government of Pinochet and Jarujelski?
In an apocalypse scenario, would it be viable for a nation's government to turn into a monarchy in order for it to survive?
What is the primary source of government revenues?
What things could the Australian government do better?
Does Argentina have a stable government?
In Norway, why does the government buy shares of private companies?
How can you know whether a government officer is corrupt?
What would happen if the federal government cut funding to California?
Why does the USA claim to be a democracy when it is so obviously a plutocracy?
Do you think it is better to turn a country into a democracy at the cost of a million deaths than to keep it in peace under the rule of a dictator?
Is it true that public funding makes political candidates serve the interests of the government instead of those of the people?
Why does Jackson not consider nullification a right of government?
Isn't it unfair that the person who worked for the government longer doesn’t receive a pension, but an MP who just served for one term is awarded the luxury?
What do you think will be the solution for the current TN farmers protest? What role do you think our central government plays in this issue?
What is mass democracy?
What is the Indian government mint in Hyderabad?
How does a nation’s government affect its relations with its citizens and the rest of the world?
Shouldn't religion be a private affair in our modern democracies?
How can the Indian government implement technology to avoid drunk drivers?
Why are the Tamil Nadu farmers protesting in the Central government instead of protesting against their state government?
Does the United States have an emergency plan if an asteroid wiped out the entire federal government?
Should we make it illegal for military contractors to take profits of above 25%? Currently, on jets, the profit margins reach as high as 200%.
Has the Modi government failed to provide jobs opportunities, which is what they promised before the election?
When will the Indian government ban Kolhapuri Chappal because it is made up of cow and buffalo leather?
Why won't the Thai government do anything about the transport problem?
What are the pros and cons of a slow legislature?
Should the government interfere in the religious affairs of its citizens?
Which automobile​ has banned by the government​? And why?
Did Indian Government ever solve any big social problem in a particular area with the help of Quora?
What is Ali AlShamsi's opinion about the UAE government?
What are Balaji Vishwanathan’s views on the role of big data in efficient policies formulation by our government?
What are the biggest successes and failures of the three years of Modi’s government?
Will automation lead to the killing of jobs in the government sector also?
Is India in a situation that would require a dictatorship?
In what ways is democracy failing in our society today?
Wikileaks is for classified documents. Which website posts declassified government documents?
What is the USA government doing to improve the lousy impact record of the D.E.A.?
Should there be an uprising against the North Koraen government?
Which government is the best at ripping off their people?
Why does the government give tax refunds?
In a typical government system, is it OK for the convenor of a tender committee to act as the tender accepting authority after the lowering of the delegation of powers?